question,long_answers,short_answers
which is the most common use of opt-in e-mail marketing,"A common example of permission marketing is a newsletter sent to an advertising firm's customers. Such newsletters inform customers of upcoming events or promotions, or new products. In this type of advertising, a company that wants to send a newsletter to their customers may ask them at the point of purchase if they would like to receive the newsletter.",A newsletter sent to an advertising firm's customers
how i.met your mother who is the mother,"Tracy McConnell, better known as `` The Mother '', is the title character from the CBS television sitcom How I Met Your Mother. The show, narrated by Future Ted, tells the story of how Ted Cosby met The Mother. Tracy McConnell appears in episodes from `` Lucky Penny '' to `` The Time Travelers '' as an unseen character ; she was first seen fully in `` Something New '' and was promoted to a main character in season. The Mother is played by Cristina Militia.",Tracy McConnell
who had the most wins in the nfl,"Active quarterback Tom Brady holds the records for most wins with 220, most regular season wins with 195, and most postseason wins with 25, as of Week 16 of the 2017 NFL season. Having played the entirety of his career with the New England Patriots, each of Brady's win records also apply to wins with a single team.",Tom Brady
who played mantis guardians of the galaxy 2,"Pom Klementieff (born May 1986) is a French actress. She was trained at the Course Florent drama school in Paris and has appeared in such films as Coup (2009) , Sleepless Night (2011) and Hacker's Game (2015) . She plays the role of Mantis in the film Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. (2017) and will appear in the same role in the film Avengers : Infinity War (2018) .",Pom Klementieff
the nashville sound brought a polished and cosmopolitan sound to country music by,"In the early 1960s, the Nashville sound began to be challenged by the rival Bakersfield sound on the countryside and by the British Invasion on the pop side ; compounding these problems were the sudden deaths, in separate airplane crashes, of Patsy Cline and Jim Reeves, two of the Nashville Sound's biggest stars. Nashville's pop song structure became more pronounced, and it morphed into what was called Countrypolitan - a smoother sound typified through the use of lush string arrangements with a real orchestra and often, background vocals provided by a choir. Countrypolitan was aimed straight at mainstream markets, and it sold well throughout the later 1960s into the early 1970s. Among the architects of this sound were producers Billy Sherrill (who was instrumental in shaping Tammy Wynette's early career) and Glenn Sutton. Artists who typified the countrypolitan sound initially included Lynette, Glen Campbell (who recorded in Hollywood and not Nashville) , Lynn Anderson, Charlie Rich, and Charley Pride, the latter being a rare example of a top-selling African - American country performer.","The use of lush string arrangements with a real orchestra and often, Background vocals provided by a choir"
who needs to be in the car with a permit driver,"Typically, a driver operating with a learner's permit must be accompanied by an adult licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age or older and in the passenger seat of the vehicle at all times.",An adult licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age or older and in the passenger seat of the vehicle at all times
god's not dead a light in the darkness release date,"Principal photography was completed in Little Rock, Arkansas in December 2017. It was released in the United States on March 30, 2018. Unlike the first two films, A Light in Darkness was a box office bomb, making less in its entire theatrical run ($. a million) than the others grossed in their respective opening weekends ($. a million and $. a million) .","March 30, 2018"
who is the current president of un general assembly,Miroslaw Lack of Slovakia has been elected as the United Nations General Assembly President of its 72nd session beginning in September 2017.,Miroslaw Lack of Slovakia
when do they pull the powerball numbers 2016,"Drawings for Power ball are held every Wednesday and Saturday evening at 10 : 59 p.m. Eastern Time. Since October 2015, the game has used a / 69 (white balls) + / 26 (Power balls) matrix from which winning numbers are chosen, resulting in odds of in 292,201,338 of winning a jackpot per play. Each play costs $, or $ with the Power Play option. (Originally, Power ball plays cost $ ; when Overplay began, such games were $. ) The official cutoff for ticket sales is 10 : 00 p.m. Eastern Time ; some lotteries cut off sales earlier. The drawings are usually held at the Florida Lottery's studio in Tallahassee.",Every Wednesday and Saturday evening at 10 : 59 p.m. Eastern Time
what is the name of the sea surrounding dubai,"Dubai (/ Dubai / dew - BY ; Arabic : دبي ‎ Dubai, Gulf pronunciation : (dʊˈbɑj) ) is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) . It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai, one of the seven emirates that make up the country. Abu Dhabi and Dubai are the only two emirates to have veto power over critical matters of national importance in the country's Federal Supreme Council. The city of Dubai is located on the emirate's northern coastline and heads the Dubai - Sharjah - Amman metropolitan area. Dubai will host World Expo 2020.",Persian Gulf
when did the new maze runner movie come out,"Maze Runner : The Death Cure was originally set to be released on February 17, 2017, in the United States by 20th Century Fox, but the studio rescheduled the film's release for January 26, 2018, in theaters and IMAX, allowing time for O'Brien to recover from injuries he sustained during filming. The film received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed over $272 million worldwide.","January 26, 2018"
how many players on a box lacrosse team,"During play, a team consists of six players : a goaltender and five `` runners ''. A runner is any non-goalkeeper position player, including forwards, transition players, and defenders. Runners usually specialize in one of these roles and substitute off the field when the ball moves from one end to the other. When the sport originated teams played with six runners. However, in 1953 the sixth runner, a position called rover, was eliminated. The goalkeeper can be replaced by another runner, often when a delayed penalty has been called on the other team or at the end of games by teams that are behind to help score goals.",six
where are the upcoming olympics to be held,"This is a list of host cities of the Olympic Games, both summer and winter, since the modern Olympics began in 1896. Since then, summer games have usually -- but not always -- celebrated a four - year period known as an Olympiad. There have been 28 Summer Olympic Games held in 24 cities, and 23 Winter Olympic Games held in 20 cities. In addition, three summer and two winter editions of the Games were scheduled to take place but later cancelled due to war : Berlin (summer) in 1916 ; Tokyo / Helsinki (summer) and Sapporo / Garish - Partenkirchen (winter) in 1940 ; and London (summer) and Corina d'Mezzo, Italy (winter) in 1944. The 1906 Summer Olympics were officially sanctioned and held in Athens. However, in 1949, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) , decided to unrecognized the 1906 Games. Four cities have been chosen by the IOC to host upcoming Olympic Games : Tokyo for the 2020 Summer Olympics, Beijing for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Paris for the 2024 Summer Olympics, and Los Angeles for the 2028 Summer Olympics.","Tokyo for the 2020 Summer Olympics, Beijing for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Paris for the 2024 Summer Olympics, Los Angeles for the 2028 Summer Olympics"
when did the nba 3 second rule start,"The three - second rule was introduced in 1936 and was expressed as such : no offensive player with the ball could remain in the Key with or without the ball, for more than three seconds.",1936
who plays norman bates in the tv show,Freddie High more as Norman Bates,Freddie High more
when did usa start driving on the right,"In the late 1700s, traffic in the United States was RHT based on teamsters' use of large freight wagons pulled by several pairs of horses. The wagons had no driver's seat, so the (typically right-handed) postilion held his whip in his right hand and thus sat on the left rear horse. Seated on the left, the driver preferred that other wagons pass him on the left so that he could be sure to keep clear of the wheels of oncoming wagons.",Late 1700s
name some components of the central nervous system (cns),"The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord. The central nervous system is so named because it integrates information it receives from, and coordinates and influences the activity of, all parts of the bodies of bilaterally symmetric animals -- that is, all multicellular animals except sponges and radially symmetric animals such as jellyfish -- and it contains the majority of the nervous system. Many consider the retina and the optic nerve (cranial nerve II) , as well as the olfactory nerves (cranial nerve I) and olfactory epithelium as parts of the CNS, snapping directly on brain tissue without intermediate ganglia. As such, the olfactory epithelium is the only central nervous tissue in direct contact with the environment, which opens up for therapeutic treatments. The CNS is contained within the dorsal body cavity, with the brain housed in the cranial cavity and the spinal cord in the spinal canal. In vertebrates, the brain is protected by the skull, while the spinal cord is protected by the vertebrae. The brain and spinal cord are both enclosed in the meninges. In central nervous systems, the interneuronal space is filled with a large amount of supporting non-nervous cells called neuroglial cells.","brain, Spinal cord"
who's the director of the price is right,"The game show production team of Mark Goodson and Bill Tod man was responsible for producing the original as well as the revival versions of the game show. Goodson - Tod man staffer Bob Stewart is credited with creating the original version of The Price Is Right. Roger Horowitz was the producer from 1984 to 2008, having worked with the program as a production staffer since the show's debut after graduating from San Francisco State University. Occasionally, Horowitz appeared on - camera when answering a question posed by the host, usually relating to the show's history or records. When he left the show at the end of season 36, Variety reported that it was unclear whether he was retiring or was fired, although Carey indicated in a later interview with Esquire that Horowitz was fired. As of 2011, the show uses multiple producers, all long - time staffers. Adam Sandler (not to be confused with the actor) is the producer of the show. Stan Bits, who joined the show in 1980 and Sue MacIntyre are the co-producers. Kathy GREC joined the show in 1975 and became producer in 2008 ; she announced her retirement October 2010 on the show's website, effective at the end of the December 2010 taping. Her last episode as producer, which aired January 27, 2011, featured a theme in tribute to her. The show's official website featured a series of videos including an interview with GREC as a tribute to her 35 years in the days leading up to her final episode. Frank Wayne, a Goodson - Tod man staffer since the 1950s, was the original executive producer of the CBS version of the show. Barker assumed that role after Wayne's death in March 1988, as previously stated. Previous producers have included Jay Colbert, Barbara Hunter and Phil Wayne Rossi (Wayne's son) . Michael Ditch assumed the director's chair in June 2011. Marc Below, Paul Alter, Bart Slander and Rich Divisor each served long stints previously as director. Former associate directors Andrew Welsher and Fred Written, as well as technical director Glenn Koch, have directed episodes strictly on a fill - in basis. Sandler began directing episodes in 2012, and became the official director in 2013. Aside from Barker, the show's production staff remained intact after Carey became host. FremantleMedia executive Syd Lineage was named the program's new executive producer, with Richards becoming co-executive producer after Dobkowitz's departure. Richards was a candidate to replace Barker as host in 2007, before Carey was ultimately chosen. Richards succeeded Lineage as executive producer when the 2009 -- 10 season started, with Tracy Verna South joining Richards as co-executive producer in 2010. Lineage remains credited as an executive consultant to the show.",Adam Sandler
bridge on the river kwai fact or fiction,"The Bridge on the River Kwan is a 1957 British - American epic war film directed by David Lean and starring William Holden, Jack Hawkins, and Alec Guinness, and featuring Issue Katakana. Based on the novel Le Point de la Riviera Kwan (1952) by Pierre Bouclé, the film is a work of fiction, but borrows the construction of the Burma Railway in 1942 -- 1943 for its historical setting. The movie was filmed in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) . The bridge in the film was near Kitulgala.",fiction
why did argentina attack the falklands/malvinas islands,"The Falklands War (Spanish : Guerra de las Salinas) , also known as the Falklands Conflict, Falklands Crisis, Salinas War, South Atlantic Conflict, and the Guerra del Atlántico SUR (Spanish for `` South Atlantic War '') , was a ten - week war between Argentina and the United Kingdom over two British dependent territories in the South Atlantic : the Falkland Islands, and its territorial dependency, the South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. It began on Friday, April 1982, when Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands (and, the following day, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands) in an attempt to establish the sovereignty it had claimed over them. On April, the British government dispatched a naval task force to engage the Argentine Navy and Air Force before making an amphibious assault on the islands. The conflict lasted 74 days and ended with the Argentine surrender on 14 June 1982, returning the islands to British control. In total, 649 Argentine military personnel, 255 British military personnel, and three Falkland Islanders died during the hostilities.",An attempt to establish the sovereignty it had claimed over them
what teams are in the fa cup final,"The 2018 FA Cup Final was the final match of the 2017 -- 18 FA Cup and the 137th final of the FA Cup, the world's the oldest football cup competition. It was played at Wembley Stadium in London, England on 19 May 2018 between Manchester United and Chelsea. It was the second successive final for Chelsea following their defeat by Arsenal the previous year.","Manchester United, Chelsea"
where is a midsummer night's dream set,"The play consists of four interconnecting plots, connected by a celebration of the wedding of Duke Theseus of Athens and the Amazon queen, Hippolyta, which is set simultaneously in the woodland and in the realm of Fairyland, under the light of the moon.",In the woodland and in the realm of Fairyland
who is the first person who went to moon,"Neil Alden Armstrong (August 1930 -- August 25, 2012) was an American astronaut and aeronautical engineer who was the first person to walk on the Moon. He was also a naval aviator, test pilot, and university professor.",Neil Alden Armstrong
are pure metals made of atoms or ions,"The atoms of metallic substances are typically arranged in one of three common crystal structures, namely body - centered cubic (BCC) , face - centered cubic (FCC) , and hexagonal close - packed (HCP) . In BCC, each atom is positioned at the center of a cube of eight others. In FCC and HCP, each atom is surrounded by twelve others, but the stacking of the layers differs. Some metals adopt different structures depending on the temperature.",atoms
movement of molecules across a membrane powered by atp,"Active transport is the movement of molecules across a membrane from a region of their lower concentration to a region of their higher concentration -- in the direction against the concentration gradient. Active transport requires cellular energy to achieve this movement. There are two types of active transport -- primary active transport that uses ATP, and secondary active transport that uses an electrochemical gradient. An example of active transport in human physiology is the uptake of glucose in the intestines.",Primary active transport
who sold manhattan to the dutch in 1626,"Minuit is credited with purchasing the island of Manhattan from the Native Americans in exchange for traded goods valued at 60 guilders. According to the writer Nathaniel Benchley, Minuit conducted the transaction with Sagas, chief of the Canaries, who were only too happy to accept valuable merchandise in exchange for an island that was mostly controlled by the Weckquaesgeeks.","Sagas, Chief of the Canaries"
what year did the movie deuces come out,"Deuces is an American crime drama written and directed by Jamal Hill. The film stars Learn Tate, Meagan Good, Lance Gross and Siva. The film is executive produced by Queen Latifah for her production company Flavor Unit Entertainment. Deuces premiered on Netflix on April 2017.",2017
who is the present sport minister of india,"The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, a branch of the Government of India, which administers Department of youth affairs and Department of Sports in India. The ministry also overlooks the organization of Commonwealth 2010 games. As of July 2016, Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports is the Minister of State (Independent Charge) Rajyavardhan Singh Rathole",Rajyavardhan Singh Rathole
where was life or something like it filmed,"The majority of the movie was shot on location in Seattle, Washington although portions were filmed in downtown Vancouver. The TV station in the movie, KM, was actually real - life Seattle TV station COMO - TV (the COMO logo was altered on the set of COMO News and on several of KOMO's news vehicles, in addition to a few mic flags) .","Seattle, Washington, Downtown Vancouver"
the highest post in police department of karnataka state is,"The Director General and Inspector General of Police (DESIGN) is the head of the state's police department, and under him are Additional Directors Generals of Police. Each Additional Director General of Police is in charge of a particular function : law and order, crime and technical services, administration, intelligence, the Karnataka State Reserve Police, recruitment and training.",The Director General and Inspector General of Police (DESIGN)
where is the best farming soil in the us and where did all the dirt come from,"The Black Dirt Region takes its name from the dark, extremely fertile soil left over from an ancient glacial lake bottom augmented by decades of past flooding of the Wall kill River. The 26,000 acres (10,400 ha) of muck left over is the largest concentration of such soil in the United States outside the Florida Everglades.","The Black Dirt Region, From an ancient glacial lake bottom augmented by decades of past flooding of the Wall kill River"
the pair of hand drums used in indian classical music is called,"The tabla consists of two single headed, barrel shaped small drums of slightly different size and shapes : day also called Davina meaning right (also called `` tabla '') , and Baya also called Bahia meaning left (also called `` ragga '') . The day tabla is played by the musician's right hand (dominant hand) , and is about 15 centimeters (~ in) in diameter and 25 centimeters (~ 10 in) high. The Baya tabla is a bit bigger and deep kettledrum shaped, about 20 centimeters (~ in) in diameter and 25 centimeters (~ 10 in) in height. Each is made of hollowed out wood or clay or brass, the day drum laced with hoops, thongs and wooden dowels on its sides. The dowels and hoops are used to tighten the tension of the membrane. The day is tuned to the ground note of the raga called SA (tonic in India music) . The Baya construction and tuning is about a fifth to an octave below that of the day drum. The musician uses his hand's heel pressure to change the pitch and tone color of each drum during a performance.",tabla
where does the term petty officer come from,"The modern petty officer dates back to the Age of Sail. Petty officers rank between naval officers (both commissioned and warrant) and most enlisted sailors. These were men with some claim to officer rank, sufficient to distinguish them from ordinary ratings, without raising them so high as the sea officers. Several where warrant officers, in the literal sense of being appointed by warrant, and like the warrant sea officers, their superiors, they were usually among the specialists of the ship's company. The Oxford English Dictionary suggests that the title derives from the Anglo-Norman and Middle French `` petite '', meaning `` of small size, small, little ''.",Age of Sail
where is israel located on the world map,"Israel (/ ˈɪzreɪəl / ; Hebrew : יִשְׂרָאֵל ‎, Arabic : إِسْرَائِيل ‎ ‎) , officially the State of Israel (Hebrew : מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל ‎, Arabic : دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل ‎ ‎) , is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area. Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv, while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognized internationally.","The Middle East, On the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea"
who played smiley in tinker tailor soldier spy,"Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 2011 Cold War espionage film directed by Tomas Alfred son. The screenplay was written by Bridget O'Connor and Peter Straight, based on John le Carré's 1974 novel of the same name. The film, starring Gary Oldman as George Smiley, along with Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones, Mark Strong, Benedict Cumberbatch, and Ciara Hinds, and featuring David Deck, is set in London in the early 1970s and follows the hunt for a Soviet double agent at the top of the British Secret Service.",Gary Oldman
when does brennan get pregnant the first time,"Brennan is best friends with her coworker, Angela, saying in the TH - season premiere she loves Angela `` like a sister '' and is going to be an aunt to Hod gins' and Angela's newborn child. It is revealed at the end of the season six finale `` The Change in the Game '' that Brennan is pregnant, and the father is Booth.",Season six finale
what causes a dead zone in the ocean,"Dead zones are hypoxic (low - oxygen) areas in the world's oceans and large lakes, caused by `` excessive nutrient pollution from human activities coupled with other factors that deplete the oxygen required to support most marine life in bottom and near - bottom water. (NOAA) ''. In the 1970s oceanographers began noting increased instances of dead zones. These occur near inhabited coastlines, where aquatic life is most concentrated. (The vast middle portions of the oceans, which naturally have little life, are not considered `` dead zones ''. )",Excessive nutrient pollution from human activities coupled with other factors that deplete the oxygen
who is the present governor of puerto rico,"Alejandro Javier García Padilla (Spanish : (Alexander Farsi. a) ; born August 1971) is a Puerto Rican politician and attorney who served as the 11th Governor of Puerto Rico from 2013 to 2017. Prior to this position, García Padilla held various roles in the political landscape of Puerto Rico ; first as Secretary of Consumer Affairs, and then as a member of the 24th Senate of Puerto Rico and as president of the Popular Democratic Party. Locally, he is a staunch advocate for maintaining the current political status of Puerto Rico as that of an unincorporated territory of the United States with self-government, while at the national level he is allied with the Democratic Party.",Alejandro Javier García Padilla
what affect does acetylcholine have on the sarcolemma,"Muscles require innervation to function -- and even just to maintain muscle tone, avoiding atrophy. Synaptic transmission at the neuromuscular junction begins when an action potential reaches the presynaptic terminal of a motor neuron, which activates voltage - dependent calcium channels to allow calcium ions to enter the neuron. Calcium ions bind to sensor proteins (synaptotagmin) on synaptic vesicles, triggering vesicle fusion with the cell membrane and subsequent neurotransmitter release from the motor neuron into the synaptic cleft. In vertebrates, motor neurons release acetylcholine (ACh) , a small molecule neurotransmitter, which diffuses across the synaptic cleft and binds to nicotine acetylcholine receptors (nachos) on the cell membrane of the muscle fiber, also known as the sarcoma. nachos are isotropic receptors, meaning they serve as ligand - gated ion channels. The binding of ACh to the receptor can depolarize the muscle fiber, causing a cascade that eventually results in muscle contraction.","Can depolarize the muscle fiber, Causing a cascade that eventually results in muscle contraction"
who plays claire underwood's mom on house of cards,"Claire Hale Underwood is originally from the exclusive Highland Park enclave of Dallas, Texas. Her late father was a major Texas Republican. While at Radcliffe College in Cambridge, she met Francis J. Underwood, a Harvard Law student from South Carolina. She is from a wealthy family, and the show characterizes her as a `` Dallas Debutante '' and `` Lily White ''. She recounts her father's taking her to Dealer Plaza, where John F. Kennedy was assassinated, and that it made her feel `` so sad, so angry ''. Furthermore, she has a difficult relationship with her mother, Elizabeth Hale (Ellen Burst) , who despises Frank and is disappointed in Claire for marrying him.",Ellen Burst
who won the all ireland football final 2017,"Dublin won the final by a point on a - 17 to - 16 scorelines to claim their third title in a row, the first time this has happened since 1921 - 23.",Dublin
who played robbie douglas wife on my three sons,"While the three sons were always central to the storyline, several major changes took place by the late 1960s. In the spring of 1967, the ratings for the series began to sag, and My Three Sons finished its seventh season in 31st place in the Nielsen ratings. It was decided that the 1967 - 1968 season would bring the program not only a new time slot, but also new storylines to spice up the ratings. In the fall of 1967, CBS moved My Three Sons to Saturday night at : 30 pm. In the season - premiere episode, `` Moving Day '', the Douglas family and Uncle Charley relocate from the fictional town of Bryant Park in the Midwest to Los Angeles. Robbie (Don Grady) marries his classmate / girlfriend, Katie Miller (Tina Cole) . Tina Cole, in fact, had appeared in different roles on three previous episodes of My Three Sons : `` House For Sale '' from the fourth season (February 13, 1964) , `` The Coffee House Set '' from the fifth season (November 19, 1964) , and `` Robbie and the Little Stranger '' from the sixth season (February 17, 1966) . At the end of the 1967 - 1968 season, the ratings had improved from the previous year with the series placing at 24th in the Nielsen's. The following season, the newlyweds discover that Katie is pregnant, and she gives birth to triplets named Robert, Steven, and Charles. Although originally played by sets of uncredited twins, these babies were played uncredited by Guy, Gunnar, and Garth Swanson. The most familiar triplets in the show's last two seasons are played by Michael, Daniel, and Joseph Todd.",Tina Cole
the most common system of land title in australia,"Torrens' title is a land registration and land transfer system, in which a state creates and maintains a register of land holdings, which serves as the conclusive evidence (termed `` indefectibility '') of title of the person recorded on the register as the proprietor (owner) , and of all other interests recorded on the register. The interests that are not guaranteed are called `` paramount interests ''. Ownership of land is transferred by registration of a transfer of title, instead of by the use of deeds. The Registrar would provide a Certificate of Title to the new proprietor, which is merely a copy of the related folio of the register.",Torrens title
who sings with jackson brown on the load out,"`` The Load - Out '' describes the daily practices of a band and its road crew on a concert tour, and the emotions evoked throughout such an endeavor. The first three verses of the song consist of Browne singing and playing piano with David Lindley playing steel guitar. They are later joined by a synthesizer, followed by the rest of the band. Eventually `` The Load - Out '' segues into an interpretation of Maurice Williams' 1960 hit `` Stay, '' sung by Browne, Rosemary Butler, and Lindley. It is Lindley who sings the falsetto.","Rosemary Butler, David Lindley"
what happens to dr shepherd on grey's,"In season 11, Derek is involved in a fatal car accident while driving to the airport for his final trip to Washington. He is able to hear and process auditory input, but unable to speak. He is recognized by Winnie, one of the victims of a crash he assisted in earlier, who tells the surgeons that their patient's name is Derek and that he is a surgeon as well. The hospital he was taken to was understaffed, and his head injury was not detected quickly enough by the interns on duty that night. Although the neurosurgeon on call is paged multiple times, he takes too long to arrive and Derek is declared brain-dead. Police arrive at Meredith's door and take her to see Derek, where she consents to removing him from life support. At the time of his death, Meredith was pregnant with their third child. She gives birth to a daughter whom she names Ellis after her mother.",A fatal car accident
when does book 2 of the 100 come out,"The 100 is a series of young adult science fiction novels by Mass Morgan. The first book in the series, The 100, was published on September 2013, by Little, Brown Books for Young Readers. Day 21, its sequel, was released on September 25, 2014, and Homecoming was released on February 26, 2015. A fourth novel, Rebellion, was released on December 2016.","On September 25, 2014"
when did the nissan armada body style change,"On February 10, 2016, Nissan unveiled the second generation Armada at the Chicago Auto Show, and went on sale in August 2016 as a 2017 model. This version is based on the Nissan Patrol and Infinite QX80, and is assembled in Japan, except for the Endurance V engine, which is assembled in Dec herd, Tennessee. The Armada grew in length and width, but the wheelbase and height were moderately reduced. In addition to the Endurance V, a seven - speed transmission was introduced to improve fuel economy, acceleration and torque, along with an increase in horsepower from 317 to 390 hp at, 200 rpm. The exterior moderately differs from the updated Patrol, that was introduced in early 2014. As with the previous generation, the Armada continued to offer WD and WD and available in SV, SL, and Platinum trims.",2016
where does the name down syndrome come from,"Down syndrome is one of the most common chromosome abnormalities in humans. It occurs in about one per 1000 babies born each year. In 2015, Down syndrome was present in. a million individuals and resulted in 27,000 deaths down from 43,000 deaths in 1990. It is named after John Landon Down, the British doctor who fully described the syndrome in 1866. Some aspects of the condition were described earlier by Jean - Étienne Dominique Esquire in 1838 and Édouard Seguin in 1844. In 1957, the genetic cause of Down syndrome, an extra copy of chromosome 21, was discovered.","John Landon Down, The British doctor who fully described the syndrome in 1866"
the number on kiss me thru the phone,"The telephone number, 678 - 999 - 8212, given in the song, if dialed from the United States, previously connected to a message system for the artist ; the number now belongs to an unknown commercial advertiser in Georgia. An unsuspecting family in the United Kingdom found themselves inundated with calls from fans there who dialed the number but mistyped the international dialing code prefix for the United States (001) , instead typing `` 016 '', which is the prefix for numbers in Greater Manchester, England, where the family resides.",678 - 999 - 8212
when does the regular football season start for nfl,"The 2017 NFL season is the 98th and current season in the history of the National Football League (NFL) . The season began on September 2017, with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots 42 -- 27 in the NFL Kickoff Game. The season will conclude with Super Bowl LII, the league's championship game, on February 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota.","September, 2017"
who sold more albums elvis or micheal jackson,Michael Jackson sold 750 million Records Alive The Beatles sold 500 + million records Alive Elvis Presley sold 350 + million records Alive,Michael Jackson
who plays officer garcia in santa clarita diet,"Natalie Morales as Anne Garcia, a sheriff's deputy, Dan's partner, and very religious. She becomes romantically involved with Lisa after Dan goes missing.",Natalie Morales
when was the great pyramid of giza created,"Based on a mark in an interior chamber naming the work gang and a reference to fourth dynasty Egyptian Pharaoh Khufu, Egyptologists believe that the pyramid was built as a tomb over a 10 to 20 - year period concluding around 2560 BC. Initially at 146. Metres (481 feet) , the Great Pyramid was the tallest man - made structure in the world for more than, 800 years. Originally, the Great Pyramid was covered by casing stones that formed a smooth outer surface ; what is seen today is the underlying core structure. Some of the casing stones that once covered the structure can still be seen around the base. There have been varying scientific and alternative theories about the Great Pyramid's construction techniques. Most accepted construction hypotheses are based on the idea that it was built by moving huge stones from a quarry and dragging and lifting them into place.",10 to 20 - year period concluding around 2560 BC
who sang theres a rat in my kitchen,"`` Rat in Mi Kitchen '' is a song and single written and performed by British group, UB40. It features Herb Alpert on trumpet and was the sixth track on their album Rat in the Kitchen. Released in 1986, it reached Number 12 on the UK charts in 1987, staying for seven weeks.",UB40
the contribution of agriculture in india's gross domestic product is,"The history of Agriculture in India dates back to Indus Valley Civilization Era and even before that in some parts of Southern India. Today, India ranks second worldwide in farm output. Agriculture and allied sectors like forestry and fisheries accounted for 13. % of the GDP (gross domestic product) in 2013, about 50 % of the workforce. The economic contribution of agriculture to India's GDP is steadily declining with the country's broad - based economic growth. Still, agriculture is demographically the broadest economic sector and plays a significant role in the overall socio-economic fabric of India.",13. % of the GDP
who's doing the halftime show in 2018,"The Super Bowl LII Halftime Show (officially known as the Pepsi Super Bowl LII Halftime Show) took place on February 2018 at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as part of Super Bowl LII. Justin Timberlake was the featured performer, as confirmed by the National Football League (NFL) on October 22, 2017. It was televised nationally by NBC.",Justin Timberlake
when was the first freeway built in los angeles,"The Arroyo Sect Parkway, formerly known as the Pasadena Freeway, is the first freeway in the Western United States. It connects Los Angeles with Pasadena alongside the Arroyo Sect seasonal river. It is notable not only for being the first, mostly opened in 1940, but for representing the transitional phase between early parkways and modern freeways. Furthermore, it conformed to modern standards when it was built, but is now regarded as a narrow, outdated roadway. A 1953 extension brought the south end to the Four Level Interchange in downtown Los Angeles and a connection with the rest of the freeway system.",1940
when was the wizard of oz made in technicolor,"Notable for its use of Technicolor, fantasy storytelling, musical score, and memorable characters, it has become an icon of American popular culture. It was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Best Picture, but lost to Gone with the Wind. It did win in two other categories, including Best Original Song for `` Over the Rainbow '' and Best Original Score by Herbert Start. While the film was considered a critical success upon release in August 1939, it failed to generate profit for MGM, earning only $, 017,000 on a $, 777,000 budget, which made it MGM's the most expensive production to date.",1939
where does the solar eclipse start and end,"The solar eclipse of August 21, 2017, dubbed `` The Great American Eclipse '' by the media, was a total eclipse visible within a band across the entire contiguous United States, passing from the Pacific to the Atlantic coasts. As a partial solar eclipse, it was visible on land from Nunavut in northern Canada to as far south as northern South America. In northwestern Europe and Africa, it was partially visible in the late evening. In Asia, it was visible only at the eastern extremity, the Chukchi Peninsula.",Pacific to the Atlantic coasts
who was president of the united states in 1938,President : Franklin D. Roosevelt (D - New York),Franklin D. Roosevelt
who played warren in orange is the new black,"Uzoamaka Wanna `` USO '' Aruba (/ Luzon əˈduːbə / ; born February 10, 1981) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Suzanne `` Crazy Eyes '' Warren on the Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black (2013 -- present) , for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014, an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2015, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015. She is one of only two actors to win an Emmy Award recognition in both the comedy and drama categories for the same role, the other being Ed Abner for the character Lou Grant.",Uzoamaka Wanna `` USO '' Aruba
where did the bataan death march take place,"The Bataan Death March (Filipino : Marts ang Himalayan SA Bataan ; Japanese : バターン 死 の 行進, Hepburn : Batman Shi no Kosher) was the forcible transfer by the Imperial Japanese Army of 60,000 -- 80,000 American and Filipino prisoners of war from Says ain Point, Bag ac, Bataan and Marvels to Camp O'Donnell, Caps, Tarmac, via San Fernando, Campania, where the prisoners were loaded onto trains. The transfer began on April 1942, after the three - month Battle of Bataan in the Philippines during World War II. The total distance marched from Marvels to San Fernando and from the Caps Train Station to Camp O'Donnell is variously reported by differing sources as between 60 and 69. Miles (96. And 112. Km) . Differing sources also report widely differing prisoner of war casualties prior to reaching Camp O'Donnell : from, 000 to 18,000 Filipino deaths and 500 to 650 American deaths during the march. The march was characterized by severe physical abuse and wanton killings, and was later judged by an Allied military commission to be a Japanese war crime.","From Says ain Point, Bag ac, Bataan and Marvels to Camp O'Donnell, Caps, Tarmac, Via San Fernando, Campania, Where the prisoners were loaded onto trains"
vince carter career high points in a game,Points : 51 (times),51
where do they put the chip in dogs,"In dogs and cats, chips are usually inserted below the skin at the back of the neck between the shoulder blades on the dorsal midline. According to one reference, continental European pets get the implant on the left side of the neck. The chip can often be felt under the skin. Thin layers of connective tissue form around the implant and hold it in place.",Usually inserted below the skin at the back of the neck between the shoulder blades on the dorsal midline
how long will it take voyager to pass through the oort cloud,"Space probes have yet to reach the area of the Oort cloud. Voyager, the fastest and farthest of the interplanetary space probes currently leaving the Solar System, will reach the Oort cloud in about 300 years and would take about 30,000 years to pass through it. However, around 2025, the radioisotope thermoelectric generators on Voyager will no longer supply enough power to operate any of its scientific instruments, preventing any exploration by Voyager. The other four probes currently escaping the Solar System either are already or are predicted to be non-functional when they reach the Oort cloud ; however, it may be possible to find an object from the cloud that has been knocked into the inner Solar System.","About 30,000 years"
an idiopathic condition associated with asprin treatment during certain viral infections,"The cause of Rae syndrome is unknown. It usually begins shortly after recovery from a viral infection, such as influenza or chickenpox. About 90 % of cases are associated with aspirin (salicylate) use in children. Inborn errors of metabolism are also a risk factor. Changes on blood tests may include a high blood ammonia level, low blood sugar level, and prolonged prothrombin time. Often the liver is enlarged.",Rae syndrome
what is the difference between devil's food and chocolate,"Devil's food cake is a moist, airy, rich chocolate layer cake. It is considered a counterpart to the white or yellow angel food cake. Because of differing recipes and changing ingredient availability over the course of the 20th century, it is difficult to precisely qualify what distinguishes devil's food from the more standard chocolate cake, though it traditionally has more chocolate than a regular chocolate cake, making it darker. The cake is usually paired with a rich chocolate frosting.",Traditionally has more chocolate than a regular chocolate cake
who is mariah carey talking about in we belong together,"The song's music video was filmed as a two - part story with `` It's Like That '', which featured Carey at her bachelorette party. The video for `` We Belong Together '' is a continuation focusing on Carey's wedding to an older and powerful man and ends with the singer eloping with her ex-lover. Rumors arose of the video's connection to her 1993 marriage to Tommy Mottola. Carey performed the song on several award shows and television appearances around the world, namely MTV Movie Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, Macy's Fourth of July Parade, The Oprah Winfrey Show and the 48th Grammy Awards. In Europe the song was performed at the Live charity concert, the Fashion Rocks in Monaco, and the German Bambi Awards. Carey performed the song on both her Adventures of Mimi and Angels Advocate Tours.",Her 1993 marriage to Tommy Mottola
where is the original statue of david in italy,"David has stood on display at Florence's Galleria dell'Academia since 1873. In addition to the full - sized replica occupying the spot of the original in front of the Palazzo Echo, a bronze version overlooks Florence from the Piazza Michelangelo. The plaster cast of David at the Victoria and Albert Museum has a detachable plaster fig leaf which is displayed nearby. Legend claims that the fig leaf was created in response to Queen Victoria's shock upon first viewing the statue's nudity, and was hung on the figure prior to royal visits, using two strategically placed hooks. In 2010, the Italian government began a campaign to solidify its claim to the iconic marble statue.",Florence's Galleria dell'Academia
when did the teton dam break in idaho,"The Eton Dam was an earthen dam on the Eton River in Idaho, United States. It was built by the Bureau of Reclamation, one of eight federal agencies authorized to construct dams. Located in the eastern part of the state, between Fremont and Madison counties, it suffered a catastrophic failure on June 1976, as it was filling for the first time.","June, 1976"
when was the movie stand by me made,"Stand by Me is a 1986 American coming - of - age comedy - drama film directed by Rob Racer and starring Will Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, and Jerry O'Connell. The film, whose plot is based on Stephen King's novella The Body (1982) and title is derived from Ben E. King's eponymous song, which plays over the ending credits, tells the story of four boys in a small town in Oregon who go on a hike to find the dead body of a missing child.",1986
is the eiffel tower made of steel or iron,"The Eiffel Tower (/ awful star. Ər / EYE - FCL TOW - or ; French : tour Eiffel, pronounced (tub ‿ NFL) listen) is a wrought iron lattice tower on the Champ de Mars in Paris, France. It is named after the engineer Gustave Eiffel, whose company designed and built the tower.",Wrought iron
what is the name of the youth loved by salmacis,"In Greek mythology, Hermaphroditus or Hermaphroditus / hərˌmæf. Rəˈdaɪ. Təs / (listen) (Ancient Greek : Ἑρμαφρόδιτος) was the son of Aphrodite and Hermes. According to Ovid, he was born a remarkably handsome boy with whom the water nymph Salamis fell in love and prayed to be united forever. A god, in answer to her prayer, merged their two forms into one and transformed them into an androgynous form. His name is compounded of his parents' names, Hermes and Aphrodite. He was one of the Erodes.",Hermaphroditus
when is the next magisterium book coming out,"The Silver Mask (October 26, 2017)","October 26, 2017"
what film has the song don't you forget about me,"`` Don't You (Forget About Me) '' is a 1985 pop song performed by Scottish rock band Simple Minds. The song is best known for being played during the opening and closing credits of the John Hughes film The Breakfast Club. It was written and composed by producer Keith Dorsey and Steve Schiff, the latter of whom was a guitarist and songwriter from the Nina Hagen band.",The Breakfast Club
when was the last time mount saint helens exploded,"On May 18, 1980, a major volcanic eruption occurred at Mount St. Helen's, a volcano located in Ska mania County, in the State of Washington. The eruption (a VEI event) was the most significant volcanic eruption to occur in the contiguous 48 U.S. states since the much smaller 1915 eruption of Lassen Peak in California. It has often been declared as the most disastrous volcanic eruption in U.S. history. The eruption was preceded by a two - month series of earthquakes and steam - venting episodes, caused by an injection of magma at shallow depth below the volcano that created a large bulge and a fracture system on the mountain's north slope.","May 18, 1980"
how many 7 elevens are in the world,"- Eleven Inc. is a Japanese - owned American international chain of convenience stores, headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The chain was known as Tote'm Stores until it was renamed in 1946. Its parent company, Seven - Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. , operates, franchises, and licenses 66,579 stores in 17 countries as of 30 June 2018. Seven - Eleven Japan is headquartered in Child, Tokyo and held by the Seven & I Holdings Co.","66,579"
when do booth and brennan become a couple,"At the start of Season, a very pregnant Brennan and Booth are a couple but are going back and forth between apartments. Booth suggests that they should have their own place, whereas Brennan wants Booth to move into her apartment. It causes a minor rift between them, but is resolved when Booth admits why he wants to move into a new house and Brennan having some time to think over it says it's a good idea because she'd need him practically, emotionally and sexually. In episode, `` The Crack in the Code, '' they decide to buy a two - story house in the suburbs -- which they jokingly called `` The Mighty Hut '' -- that Booth found at a police auction and renovate it, (according to a mailed check sent to Brennan in `` The Heiress in the Hill '', in season, the `` Mighty Hut '' is address is `` 1297 Janus Street, Washington DC, 20002 '') . In episode, `` The Prisoner in the Pipe '', Brennan goes into labor inside a prison just as she discovers who killed in an inmate there and Booth rushes her out with the intention to take her to the nearest hospital, but they both know she won't make it in time. This leads them to driving to an inn close to the prison. At first, they are rejected and are told to leave, but after some desperate pleading from an agonized Brennan, the two of them are led to a stall where she gives birth to their daughter, Christine Angela Booth (named after Temperance's mother, Christine Brennan, and Temperance's best friend Angela Montenegro) . Some time after the delivery, Temperance and Seemed both go back to their home where they celebrate with their friends from the Jeffersonian, who brought dinners that would last a few nights and a few baby supplies. In `` The Past in the Present '', Brennan becomes the prime suspect in the murder of her schizophrenic friend, Ethan Sawyer, after supposedly threatening to kill Christine. Max advises Brennan to get off the grid and go into hiding, but she and Booth do not follow up at this suggestion. However, at the end of the episode, after Christine is christened in a Catholic Church, it is revealed Brennan decided to take her father's advice and flee with her daughter until her name is cleared. Just before Brennan flees town with Christine, she tells Booth she loves him and not just because of their daughter. After she is cleared of Sawyer's murder, Brennan, Booth and Christine resume their family life.",At the start of Season
who sang nice one cyril nice one son,"`` Nice One Cyril '' is a single by Cockerel Chorus written by Harold Spiro and Helen Clarke. The song title is a reference to Cyril Knowles, a left back who played for Tottenham Hotspur. It was released before the 1973 Football League Cup Final where Tottenham played Norwich City. It reached No. 14 on the British single chart after Tottenham won, and its writers Spiro and Clarke received an Ivor Novella Award for Best Novel or Unusual Song in 1974.",Cockerel Chorus
who sang red red wine in the 80's,"`` Red Wine '' is a song originally written, performed, and recorded by American singer Neil Diamond in 1967. It is included on Neil's second studio album, Just for You. The lyrics are sung from the perspective of a person who finds that drinking red wine is the only way to forget his woes.",Neil Diamond
who wrote the christmas carol do you hear what i hear,"`` Do You Hear What I Hear ? '' is a song written in October 1962, with lyrics by Noel Reyna and music by Gloria Shane Baker. The pair, married at the time, wrote it as a plea for peace during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Reyna had been invited by a record producer to write a Christmas song, but he was hesitant due to the commercialism of the Christmas holiday. It has sold tens of millions of copies and has been covered by hundreds of artists.","Noel Reyna, Gloria Shane Baker"
who plays olivia benson on law and order,"Marisa Madonna Habitat (/ məˈrɪʃkə ˈhɑːrɡɪteɪ / me - IRISH - km HAD - fish - day ; born January 23, 1964) is an American actress best known for her role as Detective / Sergeant / Lieutenant Olivia Benson on the NBC drama series Law & Order : Special Victims Unit, for which she has earned multiple awards and nominations, including winning a Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award.",Marisa Madonna Habitat
how many copies did fifty shades of grey sell,"Fifty Shades of Grey has topped bestseller lists around the world, selling over 125 million copies worldwide by June 2015. It has been translated into 52 languages, and set a record in the United Kingdom as the fastest - selling paperback of all time. Critical reception of the book, however, has tended towards the negative, with the quality of its prose generally seen as poor. Universal Pictures and Focus Features produced a film adaptation, which was released on 13 February 2015 and also received generally unfavorable reviews.",Over 125 million copies
when was the city of green bay founded,"Nicole founded a small trading post here in 1634, originally named La Base or La Base DES Plants (French for `` the Bay of Stinking Waters '') . Nicolet's settlement was one of the oldest European permanent settlements in America.",1634
where do the ilium the ischium and the pubis meet,"The hip bone is formed by three parts : ilium, schism, and pubis. At birth, these three components are separated by hyaline cartilage. They join each other in a Y - shaped portion of cartilage in the acetabulum. By the end of puberty the three regions will have fused together, and by the age of 25 they will have ossified. The two hip bones join each other at the pubic symphysis. Together with the sacrum and coccyx, the hip bones form the pelvis.",acetabulum
who is the founder of pak n save,"PAK'save was developed following a trip by a group of Foodstuffs executives to the United States in 1985. On that visit they saw Cub Foods, operated by SuperValu, PAK' n Save operated by Safeway, and other box warehouse supermarkets. Foodstuffs then copied this format in New Zealand. The original PAK'save format was almost an identical copy of Safeway's PAK' n Save chain in northern California.",Foodstuffs
how many species of plants are found in india,"The flora of India is one of the richest in the world due to the wide range of climate, topology and habitat in the country. There are estimated to be over 18,000 species of flowering plants in India, which constitute some - percent of the total plant species in the world. India is home to more than 50,000 species of plants, including a variety of endemics. The use of plants as a source of medicines has been an integral part of life in India from the earliest times. There are more than 3000 Indian plant species officially documented as possessing great medicinal potential. India is divided into eight main logistic regions : Western Himalayas, Eastern Himalayas, Assam, Indus plain, Ganges plain, the Deccan, Malabar and the Andaman Islands.","More than 50,000"
which non-british company owns both the famous british rolls- royce and mini brands,"The origins of the UK automotive industry date back to the final years of the 19th century. By the 1950s the UK was the second - the largest manufacturer of cars in the world (after the United States) and the largest exporter. However, in subsequent decades the industry experienced considerably lower growth than competitor nations such as France, Germany and Japan and by 2008 the UK was the 12th - the largest producer of cars measured by volume. Since the early 1990s many British car marques have been acquired by foreign companies including BMW (Mini and Rolls - Royce) , SAIC (MG) , TATA (Jaguar and Land Rover) and Volkswagen Group (Bentley) . Rights to many currently dormant marques, including Austin, Riley, Rover and Triumph, are also owned by foreign companies.",BMW
how many times have the dodgers gone to world series,"The Dodgers share a fierce rivalry with the San Francisco Giants, the oldest rivalry in baseball, dating back to when the two franchises played in New York City. Both teams moved west for the 1958 season. The Brooklyn Dodgers and Los Angeles Dodgers have collectively appeared in the World Series 19 times, while the New York Giants and San Francisco Giants have collectively appeared 20 times and have been invited 21 times. The Giants have won two more World Series () ; the Dodgers have won 22 National League pennants, while the Giants hold the record with 23. Although the two franchises have enjoyed near equal success, the city rivalries are rather lopsided and in both cases, a team's championships have predated to the other's first one in that particular location. When the two teams were based in New York, the Giants won five World Series championships, and the Dodgers one. After the move to California, the Dodgers have won five in Los Angeles, the Giants have won three in San Francisco.",19
at what level is the clavicle with reference to the ribs,"The collarbone is a large doubly curved long bone that connects the arm to the trunk of the body. Located directly above the first rib it acts as a strut to keep the scapula in place so that the arm can hang freely. Medially, it articulates with the manubrium of the sternum (breastbone) at the sternoclavicular joint. At its lateral end it articulates with the acromion, a process of the scapula (shoulder blade) at the acromioclavicular joint. It has a rounded medial end and a flattened lateral end.",Directly above the first rib
when was the writ of habeas corpus created,"Habeas corpus derives from the English common law where the first recorded usage was in 1305, in the reign of King Edward I of England. The procedure for the issuing of writs of habeas corpus was first codified by the Habeas Corpus Act 1679, following judicial rulings which had restricted the effectiveness of the writ. A previous act had been passed in 1640 to overturn a ruling that the command of the Queen was a sufficient answer to a petition of habeas corpus. Winston Churchill, in his chapter on the English Common Law in The Birth of Britain, explains the process thus :",1679
where are they playing the john deere classic golf tournament,"The John Deere Classic is a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour. It is played annually in July, the week before the British Open, at TPC Deere Run in the Quad Cities community of Silvia, Illinois.","TPC Deere Run in the Quad Cities community of Silvia, Illinois"
what types of elements are involved in covalent bonding,"A covalent bond, also called a molecular bond, is a chemical bond that involves the sharing of electron pairs between atoms. These electron pairs are known as shared pairs or bonding pairs, and the stable balance of attractive and repulsive forces between atoms, when they share electrons, is known as covalent bonding. For many molecules, the sharing of electrons allows each atom to attain the equivalent of a full outer shell, corresponding to a stable electronic configuration.","electron, atoms"
name the highest bridge in the world built by indian army,"The Daily Bridge is the bridge at the highest elevation in the world. This bridge is located in the Himalayan mountains between the Dreys River and Sure River in the Kazakh Valley in the Indian state of Jammy and Kashmir. It is 30 meters (98 ft) long and is at an altitude of, 602 meters (18,379 ft) above the mean sea level. It is a bailey bridge built in 1982 by the Indian Army.",Daily Bridge
who wrote an article on war finance titled how to pay for the war,"How to Pay for the War : A Radical Plan for the Chancellor of the Exchequer is a book by John Maynard Keynes, published in 1940 by Macmillan and Co., Ltd ... It is an application of Keynesian thinking and principles to a practical economic problem and a relatively late text. Keynes died in 1946.",John Maynard Keynes
where did the cavs play before the gund arena,"The arena opened in October 1994 as part of the Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex with adjacent Progressive Field, which opened in April of that year. It is named for the retail mortgage lender Quicken Loans, whose chairman and founder is Dan Gilbert, the majority owner of the Cavaliers, Monsters, and Gladiators. From its opening until August 2005, it was known as Gun Arena, named for former Cavaliers' owner Gordon Gun, after he paid for the naming rights. The Q replaced the Rich field Coliseum as the primary entertainment facility for the region and the home of the Cavaliers, and supplanted the Holstein Center at Cleveland State University, which opened in 1990, as the primary concert and athletic venue in downtown Cleveland.",The Rich field Coliseum
who won the arms race in the cold war,"Throughout the 1970s, both the Soviet Union and United States replaced old missiles and warheads with newer, more powerful and effective ones. This continued to worsen Soviet - U.S. relations. On June 18, 1979, the SALT II treaty was signed in Vienna. This treaty limited both sides' nuclear arsenals and technology. However, this treaty as well as the era of the détente ended with the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan in January 1980. The United States once again significantly increased military and nuclear spending, while the Soviets were unable to respond and continued to pursue the détente.",The United States
what is the proper term used for the signature given by celebrities to their fans,Autograph also refers to a famous person's artistic signature. This term is used in particular for the practice of collecting autographs of celebrities. The hobby of collecting autographs is known as filmography.,Autograph
who owns willy wonka and the chocolate factory,"The film tells the story of Charlie Bucket (Peter Rostrum) as he receives a Golden Ticket and visits Willy Wonka's chocolate factory with four other children from around the world. Filming took place in Munich in 1970, and the film was released by Paramount Pictures on June 30, 1971. With a budget of just $ million, the film received generally positive reviews and earned $ million by the end of its original run. Paramount distributed the film until 1977, and beginning in the 1980s, Warner Bros. assumed control of the rights for home entertainment purposes. The film then made an additional $21 million during its re-release by Warner Bros. under its Family Entertainment banner in 1996. The film became highly popular in part through repeated television airings and home entertainment sales. In 1972, the film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score, and Wilder was nominated for a Golden Globe as Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy, but lost both to Fiddler on the Roof. The film also introduced the song `` The Candy Man '', which went on to become a popular hit when recorded by Sammy Davis Jr. In 2014, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant ''.",Warner Bros.
who directed sign of the times music video,"Directed by Wood kid, the song's music video was released on May. It features Styles singing in a meadow, and soaring in the skies, walking on water. A writer from USA Today described Styles to be `` auditioning to be Marvel Comics next superhero or in a new biblical epic ''. It was filmed on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. The video's stunt pilot, Will Banks, stated that Styles flew more than, 550 feet high during the shoot. Banks also claimed that no green screen or CGI effects were employed during filming. A stunt double was used for some scenes.",Wood kid
who plays cinderella in once upon a time 2017,Dania Ramirez as Cinderella / Jacinda,Dania Ramirez
who plays jon snow in game of thrones,"Christopher Gatsby `` Kit '' Harrington (born 26 December 1986) is an English actor and producer. Born in Acton, Greater London, Harrington began his career in theater. His first role was in the National Theatre's adaptation of War Horse. His film debut was in Silent Hill : Revelation (2012) . He has since appeared in several feature films, such as the historical romance film Pompeii (2014) , the computer - animated film How to Train Your Dragon (2014) , and the British drama film Testament of Youth (2014) .",Christopher Gatsby `` Kit '' Harrington
which term is defined as the chance that a given event will occur,"Probability is the measure of the likelihood that an event will occur. See glossary of probability and statistics. Probability is quantified as a number between and, where, loosely speaking, indicates impossibility and indicates certainty. The higher the probability of an event, the more likely it is that the event will occur. A simple example is the tossing of a fair (unbiased) coin. Since the coin is fair, the two outcomes (`` heads '' and `` tails '') are both equally probable ; the probability of `` heads '' equals the probability of `` tails '' ; and since no other outcomes are possible, the probability of either `` heads '' or `` tails '' is / (which could also be written as. Or 50 %) .",Probability
when did guardians of the galaxy comic book come out,The original Guardians of the Galaxy are a superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The Guardians first appear in Marvel Super-Heroes 18 (Jan. 1969) .,Jan. 1969
where is sea level measured in the uk,"In the UK, the Ordnance Datum (the metres' height on UK maps) is the mean sea level measured at Newly in Cornwall between 1915 and 1921. Prior to 1921, the datum was MSL at the Victoria Dock, Liverpool.",Newly in Cornwall between 1915 and 1921
80's movie about a kid in a spaceship,"Flight of the Navigator is a 1986 American science fiction adventure film directed by Randal Glaser and written by Mark H. Baker, Michael Burton and Matt McManus. It stars Joey Crater as David Freeman, a 12 - year - old boy who is abducted by an alien spaceship and finds himself caught in a world that has changed around him.",Flight of the Navigator
what are the basic components of a nucleotide,"Nucleotides are organic molecules that serve as the monomer units for forming the nucleic acid polymers deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA) , both of which are essential biomolecules in all life - forms on Earth. Nucleotides are the building blocks of nucleic acids ; they are composed of three subunit molecules : a nitrogenous base, a five - carbon sugar (ribose or deoxyribose) , and at least one phosphate group. They are also known as phosphate nucleotides.","A nitrogenous base, A five - carbon sugar (ribose or deoxyribose), And at least one phosphate group"
where is the due process clause found in the constitution,"The Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution each contain a due process clause. Due process deals with the administration of justice and thus the due process clause acts as a safeguard against arbitrary denial of life, liberty, or property by the government outside the sanction of law. The Supreme Court of the United States interprets the clauses more broadly, concluding that these clauses provide four protections : procedural due process (in civil and criminal proceedings) , substantive due process, a prohibition against vague laws, and as the vehicle for the incorporation of the Bill of Rights.",The Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments
who plays the stunt man in the geico commercial,"Blake Gibbons (born June 21, 1961, in Kern County, California) is an American actor with a recurring role as Coleman on the long-running Daytime television serial General Hospital.",Blake Gibbons
why is the british parliament known as the mother of parliaments,The expression is often applied to the Parliament of the United Kingdom because of the adoption of the Westminster model of parliamentary democracy by many countries of the former British Empire.,Because of the adoption of the Westminster model of parliamentary democracy by many countries of the former British Empire
who plays the cia director on madam secretary,"Patrick Been as Andrew Mensa (season) , the Director of the CIA and a protégé of President Dalton.",Patrick Been
what was the official religion of the soviet union,"The Soviet Union was established by the Bolsheviks in 1922, in place of the Russian Empire. At the time of the 1917 Revolution, the Russian Orthodox Church was deeply integrated into the autocratic state, enjoying official status. This was a significant factor that contributed to the Bolshevik attitude to religion and the steps they took to control it. Thus, the USSR became the first state to have as one objective of its official ideology the elimination of existing religion, and the prevention of future implanting of religious belief, with the goal of establishing state atheism (gosateizm) . Under the doctrine of state atheism in the Soviet Union, there was a `` government - sponsored program of conversion to atheism '' conducted by Communists. The communist regime targeted religions based on State interests, and while most organized religions were never outlawed, religious property was confiscated, believers were harassed, and religion was ridiculed while atheism was propagated in schools. In 1925 the government founded the League of Militant Atheists to intensify the persecution. Accordingly, although personal expressions of religious faith were not explicitly banned, a strong sense of social stigma was imposed on them by the official structures and mass media, and it was generally considered unacceptable for members of certain professions (teachers, state bureaucrats, soldiers) to be openly religious.",atheism
who wrote crazy little thing called love original artist,"`` Crazy Little Thing Called Love '' is a song by the British rock band Queen. Written by Freddie Mercury in 1979, the track is included on their 1980 album The Game, and also appears on the band's compilation album, The Greatest Hits in 1981. The song peaked at number two in the UK Singles Chart in 1979, and became the group's first number - one single on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US in 1980, remaining there for four consecutive weeks. It topped the Australian ARIA Charts for seven weeks.",Freddie Mercury
who is the actor that plays the good dr,"The series stars Freddie High more as Shaun Murphy, a young surgical resident with autism and savant syndrome at San Jose St. Bonaventure Hospital. Antonia Thomas, Nicholas Gonzalez, Beau Garrett, Hill Harper, Richard Schiff, and Tally Toyota also star in the show. The series received a put pilot commitment at ABC after a previous attempted series did not move forward at CBS Television Studios in 2015 ; The Good Doctor was ordered to series in May 2017. On October 2017, ABC picked up the series for a full season of 18 episodes. The series is primarily filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia.",Freddie High more
the resourced based view of the firm (rbv school) is,"The Resource - Based View (RBV) is an economic tool used to determine the strategic resources available to a firm. These resources can be exploited by the firm in order to achieve sustainable competitive advantage. Barney (1991) formalized this theory, although it was Wernerfelt (1984) who introduced the idea of resource position barriers being roughly analogous to entry barriers in the positioning school (see Porter, 1980) . RBV proposed that firms are heterogeneous because they possess heterogeneous resources.",An economic tool used to determine the strategic resources available to a firm
the myelin sheath that covers many cns axons is formed by,"Myelin is a lipid - rich (fatty) substance formed in the central nervous system (CNS) by glial cells called oligodendrocytes, and in the peripheral nervous system (PNS) by Schwann cells. Myelin insulates nerve cell axons to increase the speed at which information (encoded as an electrical signal) travels from one nerve cell body to another (as in the CNS) or, for example, from a nerve cell body to a muscle (as in the PNS) . The mediated axon can be likened to an electrical wire (the axon) with insulating material (myelin) around it. However, unlike the plastic covering on an electrical wire, myelin does not form a single long sheath over the entire length of the axon. Rather, each myelin sheath insulates the axon over a single section and, in general, each axon comprises multiple long mediated sections separated from each other by short gaps. Each myelin sheath is formed by the concentric wrapping of an oligodendrocyte or Schwann cell process around the axon.",The concentric wrapping of an oligodendrocyte or Schwann cell process around the axon
who does frank kill in the wasp factory,"It is revealed that when Frank was much younger, he killed three of his relatives : two cousins and his younger brother. He also exhumed the skull of the dog that castrated him, and he uses it as part of his rituals.",Three of his relatives : two cousins and his younger brother
who plays mr coulter on when calls the heart,Kazan Smith as Leland Coulter,Kazan Smith
where does the movie gone with the wind take place,"Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American epic historical romance film, adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel of the same name. The film was produced by David O. Selznick of Selznick International Pictures and directed by Victor Fleming. Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and the Reconstruction era, the film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the strong-willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner. It follows her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes, who is married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton, and her subsequent marriage to Rhett Butler. The leading roles are played by Vivien Leigh (Scarlett) , Clark Gable (Rhett) , Leslie Howard (Ashley) , and Olivia de Havilland (Melanie) .",The American South
when did the nba institute the 3 point shot,"In the 1979 -- 80 season, after having tested it in the previous pre-season, the NBA adopted the three - point line despite the view of many that it was a gimmick. Chris Ford of the Boston Celtics is widely credited with making the first three - point shot in NBA history on October 12, 1979. Kevin Greta of the Washington Bullets also made one on the same day.",1979 -- 80 season
who is the captain of chennai super king,"Mahendra Singh Dhoti, who was the captain of the Indian limited - overs team in 2008, was bought by the Super Kings for $. a million at the 2008 players' auction. He was the most expensive player in the ILL until 2009 when the Super Kings signed up English all-rounder Andrew Flint off for $ .55 million, he is not a part of the team now. Dhoti is the most successful captain in the ILL having led the team to Six finals (Runners-up 2008, 2012, 2013, 2015) , winning two (2010, 2011) . He has a success rate of 61.05 % as captain which is the best among all captains in the ILL who have captained in at least 20 games.",Mahendra Singh Dhoti
who wrote see you again by miley cyrus,"`` See You Again '' is the debut single by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was recorded for Hannah Montana : Meet Miley Cyrus (2007) , the second soundtrack album from the Disney Channel original series Hannah Montana and the debut studio album of Cyrus. It was written by Cyrus (credited as Destiny Hope Cyrus) with the song's producers Antonina Amato and Tim James. Furthermore, it was released as the lead single from the album by Hollywood Records. Later, it was remixed by Rock Mafia and released on August 25, 2008, by Hollywood Records, as the second single from Cyrus' second studio album, Breakout (2008) . Musically, the track is a pop rock number that contains influences from various musical genres, including electronic music. Lyrically, the track speaks of teenage romance.","Miley Cyrus, Antonina Amato, Antonina"
where is the super bowl being played at this year,"Super Bowl LII was an American football game played to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2017 season. The National Football Conference (NFC) champion Philadelphia Eagles defeated the American Football Conference (AFC) and defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots, 41 -- 33, to win their first Super Bowl and their first NFL title since 1960. The game was played on February 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. This was the second time that a Super Bowl was played in Minneapolis, the northernmost city to ever host the event, after Super Bowl XXVI at the Metrodome during the 1991 season, and the sixth Super Bowl held in a cold - weather city.","U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota"
where was the newhart show filmed in vermont,"The Way bury Inn is an inn at 457 East Main Street in Middlebury, Vermont, United States. The inn was built in 1810, and is one of the oldest operating traveler's accommodations in the state. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is well known for its use in exterior shots of the New hart television series.",The Way bury Inn
who sings the song in the man in the high castle,A performance by Jeanette Olsson is used as the opening sequence music for the Amazon Original Series The Man in the High Castle.,Jeanette Olsson
who's line is it anyway original cast,"Like the UK original, the U.S. version of Whose Line Is It Anyway ? Features four performers, two of whom, Colin More and Ryan Stiles, were regular, permanent performers throughout the original format, having featured prominently in the UK original ; Stiles since his first appearance in its second season in 1989, while More since his first appearance in the following season in 1991, with both making regular appearances in the UK version from 1995 until its end in 1999. Another performer who made frequent, recurring appearances was Wayne Brady, who appeared in the majority of episodes of the original format. During his tenure as host, Drew Carey also took part, though only in one game, after one of the performers was declared the `` winner '' and allowed to take his place at his desk in the studio ; host Aisha Tyler did not take part in games when the show was revived, but has occasionally joined in for a quick scene during the Scenes from a Hat game. As of 2017, More is the only performer to have appeared on every single episode of the American version.","Colin More, Ryan Stiles, Wayne Brady, Drew Carey"
how many employees does department of education have,"The Department of Education is administered by the United States Secretary of Education. It has approximately, 400 employees and an annual budget of $68 billion (2016) . Its official abbreviation is `` ED '' (`` DOE '' refers to the United States Department of Energy) and is also often abbreviated informally as `` Died ''.","Approximately, 400"
when did the first beanie baby come out,"Nine original Beanie Babies were launched in 1993 : Legs the Frog, Squealer the Pig, Spot the Dog, Flash the Orca, Splash the Whale, Chocolate the Moose, Patti the Platypus, Brownie the Bear (later renamed `` Cubic '') , and Pitchers the Lobster (with some tag errors with `` Punchers '') . They were not in factory production until 1994. Sales were slow at first to the point that by 1995 many retailers refused to buy the products in the bundles Ty offered them while others outright refused to buy them in any form. The popularity soon grew however, first starting locally in Chicago before growing into a national craze in the USA.",1993
how much money does argentina make from tourism,"According to World Economic Forum's 2017 Travel & Tourism Competitiveness Report, tourism generated over US $22 billion, or. % of GDP, and the industry employed more than 671,000 people, or approximately. % of the total workforce. Tourism from abroad contributed US $. a billion, having become the third-largest source of foreign exchange in 2004. Around. a million foreign visitors arrived in 2017, reflecting a doubling in visitors since 2002 despite a relative appreciation of the peso.",Over US $22 billion
where is the macy's thanksgiving day parade held,"The annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City, the world's the largest parade, is presented by the U.S. - based department store chain Macy's. The tradition started in 1924, tying it for the second - the oldest Thanksgiving parade in the United States with America's Thanksgiving Parade in Detroit (with both parades being four years younger than the ABC Dunking' Donuts Thanksgiving Day Parade in Philadelphia) . The three - hour Macy's event is held in Manhattan starting at : 00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on Thanksgiving Day, and has been televised nationally on NBC since 1952.",Manhattan
what religious groups lived in the new england colonies,"A larger group of Puritans arrived in 1630, leaving England because they desired to worship in a manner that differed from the Church of England. Their views were in accord with those of the Pilgrims who arrived at the Mayflower, except that the Pilgrims were `` separatists '' who felt that they needed to separate themselves from the Church of England, whereas the later Puritans were content to remain under the umbrella of the Church of England. The separate colonies were governed independently of one other until 1691, when Plymouth Colony was absorbed into the Massachusetts Bay Colony to form the Province of Massachusetts Bay.",Puritans
where do long-chain fatty acids first enter the bloodstream,"Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, either free or bound to other molecules. They are mostly transported in a protein capsule, and the density of the lipids and type of protein determines the fate of the particle and its influence on metabolism. The concentration of blood lipids depends on intake and excretion from the intestine, and uptake and secretion from cells. Blood lipids are mainly fatty acids and cholesterol. Hyperlipidemia is the presence of elevated or abnormal levels of lipids and / or lipoproteins in the blood, and is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.","Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, Either free or bound to other molecules. They are mostly transported in a protein capsule, And the density of the lipids and type of protein determines the fate of the particle and its influence on metabolism. The concentration of blood lipids depends on intake and excretion from the intestine, And uptake and secretion from cells. Blood lipids are mainly fatty acids and cholesterol. Hyperlipidemia is the presence of elevated or abnormal levels of lipids and / or lipoproteins in the blood, And is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease."
where is the retina located in the eye,"The retina is the innermost, light - sensitive layer, or `` coat '', of shell tissue of the eye of most vertebrates and some mollusks. The optics of the eye create a focused two-dimensional image of the visual world on the retina, which translates that image into electrical neural impulses to the brain to create visual perception, the retina serving much the same function as film or a CCD in a camera.","innermost, Light - sensitive layer, Or `` coat '', Of shell tissue of the eye"
who did the voice for elsa in frozen,"Queen Elsa of Wendell is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 53rd animated film Frozen. She is voiced primarily by Broadway actress and singer Dina Mendel. At the beginning of the film, she is voiced by Eva Bella as a young child and by Spencer Lacey Genus as a teenager.","Eva Bella, Spencer Lacey Genus"
what episode in season 3 do jim and pam get together,"Pam participates in an art show, but few people attend. Her co-worker, Oscar, brings his partner along whom, not knowing that Pam is standing behind him, criticizes her work by proclaiming that `` real art requires courage. '' Oscar then goes on to say that courage isn't one of Pam's strong points. Affected by this statement, Pam tells the documentary crew that she is going to be more honest, culminating in a dramatic coal walk during the next - to - last episode of the season, `` Beach Games '', and a seemingly sincere speech to Jim in front of the entire office about their relationship. Michael also comes to the art show and reveals his erratically kind heart and loyalty by buying, framing and hanging Pam's drawing of the Under Mifflin building in the office. In the season finale, `` The Job, '' she leaves a friendly note in Jim's briefcase and an old memento depicting the' gold medal' yogurt lid from the Office Olympics, which he sees during an interview for a job at Corporate in New York City. While he is asked how he `` would function here in New York '', Jim is shown to have his mind back in Scranton, still distracted by the thought of Pam. Jim withdraws his name from consideration and drives back to the office, where he interrupts a talking head Pam is doing for the documentary crew by asking her out for dinner. She happily accepts, visibly moved, abandoning a train of thought about how she would be fine if Jim got the job and never came back to Scranton. Karen quits soon after, becoming the regional manager at Under Mifflin's Utica branch.","The season finale, `` The Job, ''"
when does god of war come out for pc,"God of War is a third - person action - adventure game developed by Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment (SHE) . Released on April 20, 2018, for the PlayStation (PS) console, it is the eighth installment in the God of War series, the eighth chronologically, and the sequel to 2010s God of War III. Unlike previous games, which were loosely based on Greek mythology, this game is loosely based on Norse mythology. The main protagonists are Rates, the former Greek God of War, and his young son Atreus. Following the death of Rates' second wife and Atreus' mother, they journey to fulfill her promise and spread her ashes at the highest peak of the nine realms. Rates keeps his troubled past a secret from Atreus, who is unaware of his divine nature. Along their journey, they encounter monsters and gods of the Norse world.","April 20, 2018"
how do you pass an amendment to the constitution,"Article Five of the United States Constitution describes the process whereby the Constitution, the nation's frame of government, may be altered. Altering the Constitution consists of proposing an amendment or amendments and subsequent ratification. Amendments may be proposed either by the Congress with a two - thirds vote in both the House of Representatives and the Senate or by a convention of states called for by two - thirds of the state legislatures. To become part of the Constitution, an amendment must be ratified by either -- as determined by Congress -- the legislatures of three - quarters of the states or state ratifying conventions in three - quarters of the states. The vote of each state (to either ratify or reject a proposed amendment) carries equal weight, regardless of a state's population or length of time in the Union.",Must be ratified by either -- as determined by Congress -- the legislatures of three - quarters of the states or state ratifying conventions in three - quarters of the states
when did croatia finish 3rd in the world cup,"In spite of the quarter-final exit, Slavic continued to lead Croatia in the 1998 World Cup qualifying campaign, which ended successfully after an aggregate victory against Ukraine in the two - legged play - off. In the group stage of the World Cup, Croatia beat Jamaica and Japan but lost to Argentina, before defeating Romania to reach a quarter-final tie against Germany, then ranked second in the world. Croatia won -- with goals from Robert Earn, Moran Slavic and Favor Super, all after Christian Works had been sent off. Croatia then faced the host nation, France, in the semi-final. After a goalless first - half, Croatia took the lead, only to concede two goals by opposing defender Lilian Thu ram and lose --. In the third - place match, Croatia beat the Netherlands --, with Favor Super winning the Golden Boot award for scoring the most goals of the tournament with six goals in seven games. Croatia's performance in 1998 was among the best debut performances in the World Cup (equaling Portugal's third place debut finish at the 1966 World Cup) , and as a result, Croatia rose to number three in the January 1999 FIFA World Rankings, their highest ranking to date. For their achievements, the team of the 1990s was dubbed the `` Golden Generation. '' A considerable portion of this squad (Earn, Stomach, Bob an, Prosinečki and Super) , previously won the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship with the Yugoslavia under - 20 team.",1998
nominated in the best foreign film category at the oscars mother india lost to,"Mother India, its star Paris, and the director Khan received many awards and nominations. Paris won the Film fare Best Actress Award in 1958 and became the first Indian to receive the Best Actress award at the Karloff Vary International Film Festival in present - day Czech Republic. Mother India won the Film fare Award for Best Film and scooped several other Film fare awards including Best Director for Khan, Best Cinematographer for Cartoon Iran, and Best Sound for R. Nashik. In 1958, the film became India's first submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and was chosen as one of the five nominations for the category. The international version, 120 minutes long, was sent for the Oscars. Additionally, this version had English subtitles, and dropped Meh boob Productions' logo, which featured the Communist hammer and sickle, to appease the Academy. The 120 - minute version was later distributed in the US and UK by Columbia Pictures. The film came close to winning the Academy Award, but lost to Federico Fellini's Nights of Cambria by a single vote. Khan was utterly disappointed at not winning the award. `` He had seen the other films in the fray and believed Mother India was far superior to them '' recalled Sunil Duty years later. It also won two awards at the TH National Film Awards in 1957 : an India Certificate of Merit for Best Feature Film and Certificate of Merit for Best Feature Film in Hindi.",Nights of Cambria
who played edward 40 hands how i met your mother,"Marshall is still hungover after Punchy's wedding, and makes a `` sweeping declaration '' that he will henceforth permanently stay sober. Future Ted says that Marshall's `` sweeping declarations '' typically don't work. Marshall receives a call from Garrison Coots, a partner at one of the nation's largest environmental law firms. He tells Marshall that the company is `` very interested '' in Marshall's application for employment, and he will receive a job offer after the company completes an extensive background check. The danger of a background check concerns Marshall, who fears that a college - era video of him streaking through Wesleyan calling himself `` Hercules '', which is now available online, could result in Garrison's dropping the job offer. Marshall contacts the uploader, Pete Darkened, an old college acquaintance, and asks him to remove the video. However, Marshall ends up getting drunk and streaking again, the effect of playing Edward Forty hands with Pete, although Pete originally wanted to play Darts, and thus another `` Hercules '' video is uploaded. Pete's refusal to take it down prompts Lily to blackmail him with information that she claims to have received from women who dated him in college. Eventually, Garrison does see the video, but offers Marshall a job anyway ; the video is not an issue with him. Later, Pete calls Marshall and offers to remove the video, but Marshall refuses.","Marshall, Pete Darkened"
where does esperanza live in the house on mango street,"The House on Mango Street is a 1984 coming - of - age novel by Mexican - American writer Sandra Cisneros. It deals with Esperanza Cordero, a young Latina girl, and her life growing up in Chicago with Chicanos and Puerto Ricans. Esperanza is determined to `` say goodbye '' to her impoverished Latino neighborhood by turning to a life on the streets. Major themes include her quest for a better life and the importance of her promise to come back for `` the ones (she) left behind ''. The novel has been critically acclaimed, and has also become a New York Times Bestseller. It has also been adapted into a stage play by Tanya Sarah.",Chicago
who is making everyone sick in minor details,"During the film, someone is trying to make the students sick at the upscale boarding school, Danforth Academy. Teenagers Abby, Paige, Claire, and Taylor join forces to solve the mystery. Other teenagers, who could be potential suspects, include Mia and Riley - two girls who have everything that money can buy ; Emily - the know - it - all Principal's daughter ; the wacky Sean Genesis, and the school's strange Professor Plume. The four best friends must find out who it is. In the end they figured out that the culprit was Mia, she did this, so her father could earn more money to pay for her modeling camp. She tricked everyone into thinking the cafeteria food was contaminated, so they would buy food from the vending machines (which is her father's business)",Mia
at the bottom of the hierarchy of needs is,"Physiological needs are the physical requirements for human survival. If these requirements are not met, the human body can not function properly and will ultimately fail. Physiological needs are thought to be the most important ; they should be met first. This is the first and basic need on the hierarchy of needs. Without them, the other needs can not follow up.",Physiological needs
the greatest range between consecutive high and low tides occurs at which lunar phase,"The most extreme tidal range occurs during spring tides, when the gravitational forces of both the Sun and Moon are aligned (Sydney) , reinforcing each other in the same direction (( new moon) )) or in opposite directions (full moon) . During neap tides, when the Moon and Sun's gravitational force vectors act in quadrature (making a right angle to the Earth's orbit) , the difference between high and low tides is smaller. Neap tides occur during the first and last quarters of the moon's phases. The largest annual tidal range can be expected around the time of the equinox, if coincidental with a spring tide.",(full moon) .
when did if you don't know me by now come out,"`` If You Don't Know Me by Now '' is a song written by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, and recorded by the Philly soul musical group Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes. It became their first hit after being released as a single in 1972, topping the US R&B chart and peaking at number three on the US Pop chart.",In 1972
where does the calvin cycle (dark reactions) take place,"The light - independent reactions, or dark reactions, of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose. These reactions occur in the stoma, the fluid - filled area of a chloroplast outside the thylakoid membranes. These reactions take the products (ATP and NADPH) of light - dependent reactions and perform further chemical processes on them. There are three phases to the light - independent reactions, collectively called the Calvin cycle : carbon fixation, reduction reactions, and rivulose, - bisphosphate (Ruby) regeneration.",In the stoma
what engine does call of duty run on,"The IN engine is a game engine developed by Infinity Ward, Trey arch, and Sledgehammer Games for the Call of Duty series. The engine was originally based on ID Tech as its core, since the engine itself is proprietary with inclusion of Gradient by id Software. It has been used by Infinity Ward, Trey arch, Raven Software and Sledgehammer Games.",The IN engine
what is the point of the jury in australian survivor,"About halfway through the game, the tribes are `` merged '' into a single tribe, and competitions are on an individual basis ; winning immunity prevents that player from being voted out. Most players that are voted out during this stage become members of the `` Tribal Council Jury ''. Once only two people remain, the `` Final Tribal Council '' is held where the remaining players plead their case to the members of the Jury as to why they should win the game. The jurors must then cast their vote for which finalist should be awarded the title of `` Sole Australian Survivor '' and the grand prize of A $500,000 (or a $100,000 charity prize in the celebrity season) .","Cast their vote for which finalist should be awarded the title of `` Sole Australian Survivor '' and the grand prize of A $500,000"
when did the angels became the los angeles angels,"The Los Angeles Angels are an American professional baseball franchise based in Anaheim, California. The Angels compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) West division. The Angels have played home games at Angel Stadium since 1966. The current Major League franchise was established as an expansion team in 1961 by Gene Au try, the team's first owner. The `` Angels '' name was taken by Au try in tribute to the original Los Angeles Angels, a Minor League franchise in the Pacific Coast League (PCL) , which played in South Central Los Angeles from 1903 to 1957. He bought the rights to the Angels name from Walter O'Malley, the then - Los Angeles Dodgers owner, who acquired the PCL franchise from Philip K. Wrigley, the owner of the parent Chicago Cubs at the time, as part of the Dodgers' move to Southern California.",1961
where is the guy who plays calvin on 227,"Also cast in 227 was Sandra Clark (Jacket Harry) , Mary's young neighbor who constantly bickered back and forth with her about their respective views on life. Although their relationship was antagonistic at first, Mary and Sandra became good friends as time went on. Also living in the building was Pearl Shay (Helen Martin) , a feisty - but - kind-hearted busybody neighbor who was known for snooping and had a sharp sense of humor. Pearl had a grandson named Calvin Dobbs (Curtis Baldwin) , whom Brenda had a crush on and would finally date later in the series' run.",Curtis Baldwin
who is the kid who played the banjo in deliverance,"Billy Redden (born 1956) is an American actor, best known for his role as a backwood, mountain boy in the 1972 film Deliverance. He played Lonnie, a banjo - playing teenager of the country in north Georgia, who played the noted `` Dueling Banjos '' with Drew Bellinger (Ronny Cox) . The film was critically acclaimed and received nominations for awards in several categories.",Billy Redden
who wrote what the hell did i say,"`` What the Hell Did I Say '' is a song by country music artist Dirks Bentley. It was released as the fourth single from his eighth studio album, Black. The song is about getting intoxicated and giving a girl false promises. This is the second collaboration by Bentley, Are and Tompkins, following the highly successful single `` Drunk on a Plane ''. However, the song underperformed and became the lowest charting single of Bentley's career.",Country music artist Dirks Bentley
what is the song bad about by u2,"`` Bad '' is a song by rock band U and the seventh track from their 1984 album, The Unforgettable Fire. A song about heroin addiction, it is considered a fan favorite, and is one of U's most frequently performed songs in concert.",Heroin addiction
who is danae in the story of gorgon's head,"In Greek mythology, Danae (/ ˈdæn. i. in / or / ˈdæn. Ə. in /, as personal name also / Disney /, Greek : Δανάη Greek pronunciation : (Dana. Ɛː) Modern : (Anna. i) ) was the daughter, and only child of King Crisis of Argos and his wife Queen Eurydice. She was the mother of the hero Perseus by Zeus. She was credited with founding the city of Area in Labium during the Bronze Age.",Mother of the hero Perseus by Zeus
who designed the sundial bridge in redding ca,"The Sundial Bridge is a cantilever spar cable - stayed bridge, similar to Calatrava's earlier design of the Puerto del Amarillo in Seville, Spain (1992) . This type of bridge does not balance the forces by using a symmetrical arrangement of cable forces on each side of its support tower ; instead, it uses a cantilever tower, set at a 42 - degree angle and loaded by cable stays on only one side. This design requires that the spar resist bending and torsional forces and that its foundation resists overturning. While this leads to a less structurally efficient structure, the architectural statement is dramatic. The bridge is 700 feet (210 m) in length and crosses the river without touching the water, a design criterion that helps protect the salmon spawning grounds beneath the bridge. The cable stays are not centered on the walkway but instead divide the bridge into a major and minor path.",Puerto del Amarillo in Seville
what was the purpose of the national resources planning board,"The National Security Resources Board was a United States government agency created by the National Security Act of 1947 whose purpose was to advise the President, in times of war, on how to mobilize natural resources, manpower, and the scientific establishment to meet the demands of the Department of Defense.","To advise the President, In times of war, On how to mobilize natural resources, manpower, And the scientific establishment to meet the demands of the Department of Defense"
when did the supreme court decide the case miranda vs. arizona,"Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436 (1966) , was a landmark decision of the United States Supreme Court. In a -- majority, Charlie held that both exculpatory and exculpatory statements made in response to interrogation by a defendant in police custody will be admissible at trial only if the prosecution can show that the defendant was informed of the right to consult with an attorney before and during questioning and of the right against self - incrimination before police questioning, and that the defendant not only understood these rights, but voluntarily waived them.",1966
when was free movement in the eu introduced,"The Treaty of Paris (1951) establishing the European Coal and Steel Community established a right to free movement for workers in these industries and the Treaty of Rome (1957) provided a right for the free movement of workers within the European Economic Community. The Directive 2004 / 38 / EC on the right to move and reside freely assembles the different aspects of the right of movement in one document, replacing inter alia the directive 1968 / 360 / EEC. It also clarifies procedural issues, and it strengthens the rights of family members of European citizens using the freedom of movement. According to the official site of the European Parliament, the explanation of the freedom of workers goes as follows :",1957
when did hand foot and mouth disease begin,"HFMD cases were first described clinically in Canada and New Zealand in 1957. The disease was termed `` Hand Foot and Mouth Disease '', by Thomas Henry Fleet, after a similar outbreak in 1960.",1957
what was the significance of marbury vs madison,"Marbury v. Madison, U.S. (Branch) 137 (1803) , was a U.S. Supreme Court case that established the principle of judicial review in the United States, meaning that American courts have the power to strike down laws, statutes, and executive actions that contravene the U.S. Constitution. The Court's landmark decision, issued in 1803, helped define the boundary between the constitutionally separate executive and judicial branches of the American form of government.","Established the principle of judicial review in the United States, Meaning that American courts have the power to strike down laws, statutes, And executive actions that contravene the U.S. Constitution"
how much money does tourism bring to nepal,"Mount Everest, the highest mountain peak in the world, is located in Nepal. Mountaineering and other types of adventure tourism and ecotourism are important attractions for visitors. The world heritage site Plumbing, birthplace of Gautama Buddha, is located in the south of the West region of Nepal (which despite the name is located in the center of the country) and there are other important religious pilgrimage sites throughout the country. The tourist industry is seen as a way to alleviate poverty and achieve greater social equity in the country. Tourism brings $471 my year to Nepal.",$471 my year
who had the worlds largest economy in 2014,"Although the rankings of national economies have changed considerably over time, the United States has maintained its top position since the Gilded Age, a time period in which its economy saw rapid expansion, surpassing the British Empire and Qing dynasty in aggregate output. Since China's transition to a market - based economy through privatization and deregulation, the country has seen its ranking increase from ninth in 1978 to second to only the United States in 2016 as economic growth accelerated and its share of global nominal GDP surged from % in 1980 to 15 % in 2016. India has also experienced a similar economic boom since the implementation of economic liberalization in the early 1990s. When supranational entities are included, the European Union is the second-largest economy in the world. It was the largest from 2004, when ten countries joined the union, to 2014, after which it was surpassed by the United States.",The United States
what are three branches of government in the united states,"The Federal Government of the United States (U.S. Federal Government) is the national government of the United States, a republic in North America, composed of 50 states, one district, Washington, D.C. (the nation's capital) , and several territories. The federal government is composed of three distinct branches : legislative, executive, and judicial, whose powers are vested by the U.S. Constitution in the Congress, the president, and the federal courts, respectively. The powers and duties of these branches are further defined by acts of Congress, including the creation of executive departments and courts inferior to the Supreme Court.","legislative, executive, judicial"
what does hhr stand for on a chevy,The name HHR is an initialism for Heritage High Roof.,Heritage High Roof
who sings the song sorry that i let you down,"`` Let You Down '' is a song by American Christian hip hop artist and songwriter NF. It serves as the third single from his third studio album, Perception, and was released on September 14, 2017, for digital download and streaming, including an audio video. It is his first No. single on the Hot Christian Songs chart. Furthermore, it is his first song to be certified Gold by the RIAA.",NF
when was the first tower block built in england,"Tower blocks began to be built in Great Britain after the Second World War. The first residential tower block, `` The Lawn '' was constructed in Harlow, Essex in 1951 ; it is now a Grade II listed building. In many cases tower blocks were seen as a `` quick - fix '' to cure problems caused by crumbling and unsanitary 19th - century dwellings or to replace buildings destroyed by German aerial bombing. It was argued that towers surrounded by public open space could provide the same population density as the terraced housing and small private gardens they replaced, offering larger rooms and improved views whilst being cheaper to build.",1951
who wrote about the idyllic 'isle of innisfree',`` The Lake Isle of Innisfree '' is a twelve - line poem composed of three quatrains written by William Butler Yeats in 1888 and first published in the National Observer in 1890. It was reprinted in The Countess Kathleen and Various Legends and Lyrics in 1892 and as an illustrated Curley Press Broadside in 1932.,William Butler Yeats
who was sent to england to convert the pagan anglo-saxons,"In 595, when Pope Gregory I decided to send a mission to convert the Anglo-Saxons to Christianity, the Kingdom of Kent was ruled by Æthelberht. He had married a Christian princess named Bertha before 588, and perhaps earlier than 560. Bertha was the daughter of Charier I, one of the Merovingian kings of the Franks. As one of the conditions of her marriage she had brought a bishop named Richard with her to Kent as her chaplain. They restored a church in Canterbury that dated to Roman times, possibly the present - day St Martin's Church. Æthelberht was at that time a pagan, but he allowed his wife freedom of worship. Richard does not appear to have made many converts among the Anglo-Saxons, and if not for the discovery of a gold coin bearing the inscription Leopards EPS (EPS is an abbreviation of Episcopal, the Latin word for bishop) his existence may have been doubted. One of Bertha's biographers states that, influenced by his wife, Æthelberht requested Pope Gregory to send missionaries. The historian Ian Wood feels that the initiative came from the Dentist court as well as the queen.",missionaries
which figure of speech uses words that imitate the sounds they refer to,"Onomatopoeia (/ ˌɒnəˌmætəˈpiːə, - ˌmɑː - / (listen) ; from the Greek ὀνοματοποιία ; ὄνομα for `` name '' and ποιέω for `` I make '', adjectival form : `` onomatopoeic '' or `` onomatopoetic '') is the process of creating a word that phonetically imitates, resembles, or suggests the sound that it describes. As such words are uncountable nouns, onomatopoeia refers to the property of such words. Common occurrences of words our of the onomatopoeia process include animal noises such as `` oink '', `` minor '' (or `` meow '') , `` roar '' and `` chirp ''. Onomatopoeia can differ between languages : it conforms to some extent to the broader linguistic system ; hence the sound of a clock may be expressed as ticktock in English, tactic in Spanish, DI DA in Mandarin, katchin in Japanese, or `` tie - tie '' in Hindi.",Onomatopoeia
when was athens made the capital of greece,"Athens became the capital of Greece in 1834, following Nation, which was the provisional capital from 1829. The municipality (City) of Athens is also the capital of the Attica region. The term Athens can refer either to the municipality of Athens, to Greater Athens, or to the entire Athens Urban Area.",1834
who played lady guinevere in night at the museum 3,"Lancelot crashes a performance of the Camelot musical, starring Hugh Jackman and Alice Eve as King Arthur and Queen Guinevere, but Larry and the others chase him to the theater roof, where the New York exhibits begin to die. Lancelot then sees that the quest was about them and gives the tablet back. The moonlight restores the tablet's power, saving the exhibits. They decide that Ahkmenrah and the tablet should stay with his parents, even if it means the New York exhibits will no longer come to life. Back in New York, Larry spends some final moments with his friends before sunrise.",Alice Eve
how many assist does ozil have in his career,"Oil plays mostly as an attacking midfielder, but can also be deployed as a winger. He began his senior career as a member of his hometown club Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga, departing two seasons later to join Welder Bremen for € million. He garnered break - out attention at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, where at age 22, Oil was instrumental in the side's campaign where they reached the semi-finals, losing to eventual champions Spain. Furthermore, he was also nominated for the Golden Ball Award, as well as being ranked first in assists in major European and domestic competitions with 25. This garnered him a €15 million transfer to La Liga club Real Madrid.",25
monarch at the end of world war 2,George VI (Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 -- February 1952) was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death in 1952. He was the last Emperor of India and the first Head of the Commonwealth.,George VI
how many countries can i visit with british passport,"Visa requirements for British citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of the United Kingdom. As of 22 May 2018, British citizens had Visa - free or visa on arrival access to 186 countries and territories, ranking the British passport TH in terms of travel freedom (tied with Austrian, Dutch, Luxembourgian, Norwegian, Portuguese and the United States passports) according to the Henley Passport Index. Additionally, the World Tourism Organization also published a report on 15 January 2016 ranking the British passport st in the world (tied with Denmark, Finland, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and Singapore) in terms of travel freedom, with a mobility index of 160 (out of 215 with no visa weighted by, visa on arrival weighted by. , visa by. , and traditional visa weighted by) .",186 countries and territories
when is the big bang theory season 11 coming out,"The eleventh season of the American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory premiered on CBS on Monday, September 25, 2017. It returned to its regular Thursday time slot on November 2017, after Thursday Night Football on CBS ended.","Monday, September 25, 2017"
who plays carl's grandmother on mike and molly,"Cleo King (born Harriet Cleo King ; August 21, 1962) is an American character actress, best known for her roles on television.",Cleo King
when does attack on titan episodes come out,"On June 17, 2017, a third season was announced at the close of the second season's final episode, with a release date slated for July 2018.",July 2018
who played hyde on the 70's show,"Daniel Peter Master son (born March 13, 1976) is an American actor and disc jockey. Master son is known for his roles as Steven Hyde in That' 70s Show (1998 -- 2006) and as Jameson `` Rooster '' Bennett in The Ranch (2016 -- 2018) .",Daniel Peter Master son
when do we say that a solution is unsaturated,"In organic chemistry, a saturated compound is a chemical compound that has a chain of carbon atoms linked together by single bonds. Alkanes are saturated hydrocarbons. An unsaturated compound is a chemical compound that contains carbon - carbon double bonds or triple bonds, such as those found in alkenes or alkanes, respectively. Saturated and unsaturated compounds need not consist only of a carbon atom chain. They can form straight chain, branched chain, or ring arrangements. They can have functional groups, as well. It is in this sense that fatty acids are classified as saturated or unsaturated. The amount of saturation of a fatty acid can be determined by finding its iodine number.","A chemical compound that contains carbon - carbon double bonds or triple bonds, Such as those found in alkenes or alkanes, respectively"
who sang the song life in the fast lane,"`` Life in the Fast Lane '' is a song written by Joe Walsh, Glenn Frey and Don Henley and recorded by the American rock band the Eagles on their 1976 studio album Hotel California. It was the third single released from this album, and peaked at No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100.",Eagles
what kind of bomb did the us drop on japan,"During the final stage of World War II, the United States dropped nuclear weapons on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki on August and, 1945, respectively. The United States had dropped the bombs with the consent of the United Kingdom as outlined in the Quebec Agreement. The two bombings, which killed at least 129,000 people, remain the only use of nuclear weapons for warfare in history.",Nuclear weapons
who is the girl in far east movement like a g6,"`` Like a G '' is a 2010 song written and performed by Far East Movement, The Cataracts, and Dev, with the latter two being credited as featured artists. It is the lead single from Far East Movement's third studio album Free Wired, and production was handled by The Cataracts. For the chorus, Dev samples a verse from her own single `` Booty Bounce '', which was also written and produced by the Cataracts.",Dev
who plays eric on once upon a time,"Mark Gilbert McKinney, known professionally as Gil McKinney, (born February 1979) is an American film and television actor. He is best known for playing Dr. Paul Grady on ER, Derek Bishop on Friday Night Lights, and Prince Eric in Once Upon a Time, and for being the voice and face (via Motion Scan) of Jack Also in the video game L.A. Noise. Gil also appeared in Supernatural as Henry Winchester.","Supernatural, Mark Gilbert McKinney"
who is the actor that plays ron weasley,"Rupert Alexander Lloyd Print (born 24 August 1988) is an English actor and producer. He rose to prominence playing Ron Weasley, one of the three main characters in the Harry Potter film series. Print was cast as Ron at the age of 11, having previously acted only in school plays and at his local theater group. From 2001 to 2011, he starred in all eight Harry Potter films alongside Daniel Radcliffe playing as Harry Potter and Emma Watson playing as Hermione Granger.",Rupert Alexander Lloyd Print
who sang your mama don't dance and your daddy don't rock and roll,"`` Your Mama Don't Dance '' is a hit 1972 song by the rock duo Logging and Messina. Released on their self-titled album Logging and Messina, it reached number four on the Billboard pop chart and number 19 on the Billboard Easy Listening Chart as a single in early 1973.",Rock duo Logging and Messina
who milked the cow with the crumpled horn,This is the maiden all forlorn That milked the cow with the crumpled horn That tossed the dog that worried the cat That killed the rat that ate the malt That lay in the house that Jack built.,The maiden all forlorn
who is known as the father of india cricketer,"M. Suryanarayan (1930 -- 2010) was an Indian first - class cricketer who was born on February 1930 during Madras presidency. M. Suryanarayan is the first son of M. Bali ah Baidu and the Grandson of Bu chi Baby Baidu who is also known as the' Father of South Indian Cricket' the doyen of Madras Cricket. He was also a member of the First Kanji Trophy triumph team of Tamil Nadu in 1954 - 1955, which the Madras team won against Hockey. He was a right-handed batsman and a right - arm medium bowler. The Hindu describing his Cricket, once said : `` His batting resembles very closely that of his father - dashing and carefree - and his cover - drive, a joy to watch, has amazing impetus ... '' And it added that he had `` enriched Madras sport as his father had ''. His only younger brother M. M Kumar represented in the Kanji Trophy.",Bu chi Baby Baidu
where is lactase found in the human body,"Lactase is an enzyme produced by many organisms. It is located in the brush border of the small intestine of humans and other mammals. Lactase is essential to the complete digestion of whole milk ; it breaks down lactose, a sugar which gives milk its sweetness. Lacking lactase, a person consuming dairy products may experience the symptoms of lactose intolerance. Lactase can be purchased as a food supplement, and is added to milk to produce `` lactose - free '' milk products.",In the brush border of the small intestine
when was the first step pyramid built in egypt,"The Pyramid of Closer (or Desert and Loser) , or step pyramid (know - NRW in Egyptian) is an archeological remain in the Sahara necropolis, Egypt, northwest of the city of Memphis. It was built during the 27th century BC for the burial of Pharaoh Closer by his vizier, Imhotep. It is the central feature of a vast mortuary complex in an enormous courtyard surrounded by ceremonial structures and decoration.",During the 27th century BC
when were the canterbury tales written and in what language,"The Canterbury Tales (Middle English : Tales of Canterbury) is a collection of 24 stories that runs to over 17,000 lines written in Middle English by Geoffrey Chaucer between 1387 and 1400. In 1386, Chaucer became Controller of Customs and Justice of Peace and, in 1389, Clerk of the King's work. It was during these years that Chaucer began working on his most famous text, The Canterbury Tales. The tales (mostly written in verse, although some are in prose) are presented as part of a story - telling contest by a group of pilgrims as they travel together on a journey from London to Canterbury to visit the shrine of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral. The prize for this contest is a free meal at the Tabard Inn at Southward on their return.",Written in Middle English by Geoffrey Chaucer between 1387 and 1400
20th century english writer known for her feminist and magical works,"Angela Olive Carter - Pearce (née Stalker ; May 1940 -- 16 February 1992) , who published under the pen name Angela Carter, was an English novelist, short story writer and journalist, known for her feminist, magical realism, and picaresque works. She is best known for her book The Bloody Chamber, which was published in 1979. In 2008, The Times ranked Carter tenth in their list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 ''. In 2012, Nights at the Circus was selected as the best ever winner of the James Wait Black Memorial Prize.",Angela Olive Carter - Pearce
where will you find earth's magnetic north pole,"The North Magnetic Pole moves over time due to magnetic changes in the Earth's core. In 2001, it was determined by the Geological Survey of Canada to lie west of Ellesmere Island in northern Canada at 81° 18 ′ N 110° 48 ′ W / 81. ° N 110. ° W / 81.  - 110. ﻿ (Magnetic North Pole 2001) . It was situated at 83° 06 ′ N 117° 48 ′ W / 83. ° N 117. ° W / 83.  - 117. ﻿ (Magnetic North Pole 2005 est) in 2005. In 2009, while still situated within the Canadian Arctic territorial claim at 84° 54 ′ N 131° 00 ′ W / 84. ° N 131. ° W / 84.  - 131. ﻿ (Magnetic North Pole 2009) , it was moving toward Russia at between 55 and 60 kilometers (34 and 37 mi) per year. As of 2017, the pole is projected to have moved beyond the Canadian Arctic territorial claim to 86° 30 ′ N 172° 36 ′ W / 86. ° N 172. ° W / 86.  - 172. ﻿ (Magnetic North Pole 2017 est) .",86° 30 ′ N 172° 36 ′ W / 86. ° N 172. ° W
when does better call saul come out on netflix,"In December 2013, Netflix announced that the entire first season would be available for streaming in the U.S. after the airing of the first - season finale, and in Latin America and Europe each episode would be available a few days after the episode airs in the U.S. However, the first season was not released on Netflix in the U.S. until February 2016.","February, 2016"
what kind of chinese do they speak in beijing,"The Beijing dialect (simplified Chinese : 北京 话 ; traditional Chinese : 北京 話 ; pinyin : Beijing) , also known as Pekingese, is the prestige dialect of Mandarin spoken in the urban area of Beijing, China. It is the phonological basis of Standard Chinese, which is the official language in the People's Republic of China and Republic of China and one of the official languages in Singapore.",Mandarin
what does pt stand for in the army,"A physical training uniform is a military uniform used during exercise, calisthenics, drills, and in some cases, very casual periods of time (off - duty time during Initial Entry Training in the U.S. Army, for example) . The United States Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard require use of a physical training (PT) uniform during unit exercise (including formation runs, calisthenics, and conditioning exercises) . Some military units produce unique T-shirts with their unit insignia and motto, and for special events, this shirt is part of the uniform. Occasionally, exercise will be conducted in that branch's utility uniforms, normally with the blouse removed, and the undershirt exposed (also known as `` boots and Utes '') .",Physical training
who played the role of snake eyes in gi joe,"Raymond `` Ray '' Park (born 23 August 1974) is a Scottish actor, author and martial artist. He is best known for playing Darth Maul in Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace, Toad in X-Men, Snake - Eyes in G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra and G.I. Joe : Retaliation, and Edgar on Heroes.",Raymond `` Ray '' Park
who sang lead vocals on sunshine of your love,"`` Sunshine of Your Love '' is a 1967 song by the British rock band Cream. With elements of hard rock, psychedelia, and pop, it is one of Cream's best known and most popular songs. Cream bassist and vocalist Jack Bruce based it on a distinctive bass riff, or repeated musical phrase, he developed after attending a Jimi Hendrix concert. Guitarist Eric Clapton and lyricist Pete Brown later contributed to the song. Recording engineer Tom Down suggested the rhythm arrangement in which drummer Ginger Baker plays a distinctive tom-tom drum rhythm, although Baker has claimed it was his idea.",Jack Bruce
when does the nba regular season start in 2017,"The 2017 -- 18 NBA season is the 72nd season of the National Basketball Association (NBA) . The regular season began on October 17, 2017, earlier than previous seasons to reduce the number of `` back - to - back '' games teams are scheduled to play, with the 2017 runners - up Cleveland Cavaliers hosting a game against the Boston Celtics at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio. Christmas games will be played on December 25. The 2018 NBA All - Star Game will be played on February 18, 2018, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The regular season will end on April 11, 2018, and the playoffs will begin on April 14, 2018.","October 17, 2017"
who sang desert on a horse with no name,"`` A Horse with No Name '' is a song written by Dewey Bonnell, and originally recorded by the folk rock band America. It was the band's first and most successful single, released in late - 1971 in Europe and early - 1972 in the US, and topped the charts in several countries. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.",America
who plays the record producer in pitch perfect 2,"Anna Kendrick as Beta Mitchell, the senior leader of the Bella's, known for creating the unique modern - day sound of the Bella's. She is an aspiring record producer and is now an intern at Residual Heat, a record label.",Anna Kendrick
when does jurassic world falling kingdom come out,"Filming took place from February to July 2017 in the United Kingdom and Hawaii. Produced and distributed by Universal Pictures, Fallen Kingdom premiered in Madrid on May 21, 2018, and was released internationally in early June 2018 and in the United States on June 22, 2018. The film has grossed over $. a billion worldwide, making it the third Jurassic film to pass the mark, the third highest - grossing film of 2018 and the 13th highest - grossing film of all time. It received mixed reviews from critics, who praised Pratt's performance, Bayona's direction, the visuals, and the `` surprisingly dark moments '', although many criticized the screenplay and lack of innovation, with some suggesting the series has run its course. An untitled sequel is set to be released on June 11, 2021, with Trevor row returning to direct.","June 22, 2018"
where did the missouri tigers get their name,"The Missouri Tigers athletics programs include the extramural and intramural sports teams of the University of Missouri, located in Columbia, Missouri, United States. The name comes from a band of armed guards called the Fighting Tigers of Columbia who, in 1864, protected Columbia from guerrillas during the Civil War.",From a band of armed guards called the Fighting Tigers of Columbia
who played spock's dad on star trek,"Park / ˈsærɛk / is a fictional character in the Star Trek media franchise. He is a Vulcan astrophysicist, the Vulcan ambassador to the United Federation of Planets, and father of Spock. The character was originated by Mark Lenard in the 1967 episode `` Journey to Babel '' (Lenard previously portrayed a Roman Commander in another episode of the original series, 1966's `` Balance of Terror '') . Lenard later voiced Park in the animated series, and appeared in Star Trek movies and the series Star Trek : The Next Generation.",Mark Lenard
who was defeated and killed in the fourth mysore war at srirangapatna,"This was the final conflict of the four Anglo -- Mysore Wars. The British captured the capital of Mysore. The ruler Tip Sultan was killed in the battle. Britain took indirect control of Mysore, restoring the Clear Dynasty to the Mysore throne (with a British commissioner to advise him on all issues) . Tip Sultan's young heir, Fate Ali, was sent into exile. The Kingdom of Mysore became a princely state in a subsidiary alliance with British India and ceded Coimbatore, Dashing Kannada and Ottawa Kannada to the British.",Tip Sultan
who was the first indian who win world junior badminton championship,"Nepal has achieved several milestones in badminton for India. She is the only Indian to have won at least a medal in every BWF major individual event, namely the Olympics, the BWF World Championships, and the BWF World Junior Championships. She is the first Indian badminton player to have won an Olympic medal, along with being the only Indian to have won the BWF World Junior Championships or to have reached to the final of the BWF World Championships. In 2006, Nepal became the first Indian female and the youngest Asian to win a - star tournament. She also has the distinction of being the first Indian to win a Super Series title. In the 2014 Uber Cup, she captained the Indian team and remained undefeated, helping India to win bronze medal. It was India's first medal in any BWF major team event. She is a role model to many young badminton players.",Nepal
when was the national museum of natural history built,"The National Museum of Natural History is a natural - history museum administered by the Smithsonian Institution, located on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States. It has free admission and is open 364 days a year. In 2016, with. a million visitors, it was the fourth most visited museum in the world and the most visited natural - history museum in the world. Opened in 1910, the museum on the National Mall was one of the first Smithsonian buildings constructed exclusively to hold the national collections and research facilities. The main building has an overall area of, 500,000 square feet (140,000 m) with 325,000 square feet (30,200 m) of exhibition and public space and houses over, 000 employees.",1910
who is the lead singer for fall out boy,"Fall Out Boy is an American rock band formed in Wilmette, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, in 2001. The band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Patrick Stump, bassist Pete Went, lead guitarist Joe Roman, and drummer Andy Hurley. The band originated from Chicago's hardcore punk scene, with which all members were involved at one point. The group was formed by Went and Roman as a pop punk side project of the members' respective hardcore bands, and Stump joined shortly thereafter. The group went through a succession of drummers before landing Hurley and recording the group's debut album, Take This to Your Grave (2003) . The album became an underground success and helped the band gain a dedicated fan base through heavy touring, as well as some moderate commercial success. Take This to Your Grave has commonly been cited as an influential blueprint for pop punk music in the 2000s.",Patrick Stump
who died in the 16th street baptist church bombing,"Four girls, Addie Mae Collins (age 14, born April 18, 1949) , Carol Denise McNair (age 11, born November 17, 1951) , Carole Robertson (age 14, born April 24, 1949) , and Cynthia Wesley (age 14, born April 30, 1949) , were killed in the attack. The explosion was so intense that one of the girls' bodies was decapitated and so badly mutilated in the explosion that her body could only be identified through her clothing and a ring, whereas another victim had been killed by a piece of mortar embedded in her skull. All four girls were pronounced dead on arrival at the Hillman Emergency Clinic. The then - pastor of the church, the Reverend John Cross, would recollect in 2001 that the girls' bodies were subsequently found `` stacked on top of each other, clung together ''.","Addie Mae Collins, Carol Denise McNair, Carole Robertson, Cynthia Wesley"
who sings i'm in love with a monster in hotel transylvania,"`` I'm in Love with a Monster '' is a song recorded by American girl group Fifth Harmony for the computer animated fantasy - comedy film, Hotel Transylvania. It was written by Harmony Samuel's, Carmen Reece, Sarah Marcus, Edgar Étienne and Ericka Coulter with production handled by Samuel's. It was released to digital retailers on August 14, 2015, through Epic Records and SCO Music and serviced to contemporary hit radio in the United States four days later on August 18. `` I'm in Love with a Monster '' is a pop song that blends elements of R&B, soul, rock and hip hop with `` jazzy '' rhythms along with heavy and funky beats. Critics drew comparisons to the musical style of girl groups such as The Supreme.",Fifth Harmony
what are the zombies called in the last of us,"In September 2013, an outbreak of a mutant Codices fungus ravages the United States, transforming its human hosts into cannibalistic monsters known as infected. In the suburbs of Austin, Texas, Joel (Troy Baker) flees the chaos with his brother Tommy (Jeffrey Pierce) and daughter Sarah (Haney Hayes) . As they flee, Sarah is shot by a soldier and dies in Joel's arms. In the twenty years that follow, most civilization is destroyed by the infection. Survivors live in heavily policed quarantine zones, independent settlements, and nomadic groups. Joel works as a smuggler with his partner Tess (Annie Perching) in the quarantine zone in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts. They hunt down Robert (Robin Akin Downs) , a black - market dealer, to recover a stolen weapons cache. Before Tess kills him, Robert reveals that he traded the cache with the Fireflies, a rebel militia opposing the quarantine zone authorities.",infected
when did the first go pro come out,"In 2004, the company sold its first camera system, which used 35 mm film. Digital still and video cameras were later introduced. As of 2014, a fixed - lens HD video camera with a wide 170 - degree lens was available ; two or more can be paired to create 360 video.",2004
who were the pro football players in little giants,"Just as Danny's team start to lose hope, a bus arrives carrying NFL stars John Madden, Emmett Smith, Bruce Smith, Tim Brown, and Steve Batman. They teach and inspire the young players into believing they can win.","John Madden, Emmett Smith, Bruce Smith, Tim Brown, Steve Batman"
where do the testes develop in the embryo,The development of the gonads is part of the prenatal development of the reproductive system and ultimately forms the testes in males and the ovaries in females. The gonads initially develop from the mesothelial layer of the peritoneum.,From the mesothelial layer of the peritoneum
when was the first piece of jewelry made,"Jewelry (British English) or jewelry (American English) consists of small decorative items worn for personal adornment, such as brooches, rings, necklaces, earrings, pendants and bracelets. Jewelry may be attached to the body or the clothes, and the term is restricted to durable ornaments, excluding flowers for example. For many centuries metal, often combined with gemstones, has been the normal material for jewelry, but other materials such as shells and other plant materials may be used. It is one of the oldest type of archaeological artifact -- with 100,000 - year - old beads made from Nassau shells thought to be the oldest known jewelry. The basic forms of jewelry vary between cultures but are often extremely long-lived ; in European cultures the most common forms of jewelry listed above have persisted since ancient times, while other forms such as adornments for the nose or ankle, important in other cultures, are much less common.","100,000 - year - old beads made from Nassau shells"
what is toner used for on the face,"In cosmetics, skin toner or simply toner refers to a lotion or wash designed to cleanse the skin and shrink the appearance of pores, usually used on the face. Toners can be applied to the skin in different ways :",To cleanse the skin and shrink the appearance of pores
who was the original actor in walking tall,"Walking Tall is a 1973 American action semi-biopic film of Sheriff Buford Passer, a professional wrestler - turned - lawman in Monera County, Tennessee. It starred Joe Don Baker as Passer. The film was directed by Phil Carlson. Based on Pusser's life, it was a combination of very loosely based fact and Hollywood revisionism. It has since become a well known cult classic with two direct sequels of its own, a TV movie, a brief TV series and a remake that had its own two sequels.",Joe Don Baker
the land of make believe hope new jersey,"The Land of Make Believe is a family amusement park catering mostly to children under years of age. Opened in 1954, it is in Hope Township, New Jersey, United States, on County Route 611, two miles from exit 12 off of Interstate 80. It centers itself around `` Safe and wholesome recreation '', with entertaining rides and attractions that are enjoyed mostly by children under but also has some attractions for people of all ages but not so extreme that it scares off young children mixed in.",Amusement park
how many chapters in ruth in the bible,The book is structured in four chapters :,four
what are the 3 milks in tres leches cake,"A tree leches cake (Spanish : pastel de tree leches, tort de tree leches or bizcocho de tree leches) , also known as pan tree leches (`` three milks bread '') , is a sponge cake -- in some recipes, a butter cake -- soaked in three kinds of milk : evaporated milk, condensed milk, and heavy cream.","Evaporated milk, Condensed milk, Heavy cream"
where was the film that'll be the day filmed,"That'll Be the Day is a 1973 British drama film directed by Claude What ham, written by Ray Connolly, and starring David Essex, Rosemary Leach and Ringo Starr. It is set in the late 1950s / early 1960s and was partially filmed on the Isle of Wight.",Isle of Wight
how many animals died in the lake nyos tragedy,"On 21 August 1986, a limbic eruption at Lake BYOS in northwestern Cameroon killed, 746 people and, 500 livestock.",", 500"
who is the girl dancing with pitbull in timber,"Keisha filmed her scenes on November 2013 while Pitbull filmed his scenes one week later on November 12, 2013. The video also features a cameo by Italian model Raffaello Modulo and The Bloody Jug Band, an Orlando - based Americana Group, who perform on stage as the bar's house band. The beach scenes were filmed in Extra islands, Bahamas.",Raffaello Modulo
what do you mean by double entry system of accounting,"Double - entry bookkeeping, in accounting, is a system of bookkeeping so named because every entry to an account requires a corresponding and opposite entry to a different account. For instance, recording earnings of $100 would require making two entries : a debit entry of $100 to an account named `` Cash '' and a credit entry of $100 to an account named `` Revenue. ''",Every entry to an account requires a corresponding and opposite entry to a different account
who made up the first estate in french society,"The best known system is the French Ancien Régime (Old Regime) , a three - estate system used until the French Revolution (1789 -- 1799) . Monarchy was for the king and the queen and this system was made up of clergy (the First Estate) , nobles (the Second Estate) , and peasants and bourgeoisie (the Third Estate) . In some regions, notably Scandinavia and Russia, burghers (the urban merchant class) and rural commoners were split into separate estates, creating a four - estate system with rural commoners ranking the lowest as the Fourth Estate. Furthermore, the non-landowning poor could be left outside the estates, leaving them without political rights. In England, a two - estate system evolved that combined nobility and bishops into one lordly estate with `` commons '' as the second estate. This system produced the two houses of parliament, the House of Commons and the House of Lords. In southern Germany, a three - estate system of nobility (princes and high clergy) , hitters (knights) , and burghers was used.",Clergy (the First Estate)
who plays rafael barba on law and order,"Raúl Eduardo Sparta (born October 24, 1970) is an American stage and television actor, singer, and voice artist, best known for his role as Rafael Barbra in Law & Order : Special Victims Unit. He has received Tony nominations for his role as Philip Salon in the Boy George musical Taboo in 2004 ; Robert, an empty man devoid of connection in the musical comedy Company in 2006 ; a lazy and snarky man in Harold Pinter's The Homecoming ; and an aggressive volatile movie producer in David Mamet's Speed the Plow. He played the role of Riff RAAF on Broadway in the revival of The Rocky Horror Show and the role of Caracas Potts in the Broadway musical Chitty Bang Bang.",Raúl Eduardo Sparta
when was the lovesong of j alfred prufrock published,"`` The Love Song of J. Alfred Frock '', commonly known as `` Frock '', is the first professionally published poem by American - born, British poet T.S. Eliot (1888 -- 1965) . Eliot began writing `` Frock '' in February 1910, and it was first published in the June 1915 issue of Poetry : A Magazine of Verse at the instigation of Ezra Pound (1885 -- 1972) . It was later printed as part of a twelve - poem pamphlet (or chapbook) titled Frock and Other Observations in 1917. At the time of its publication, Frock was considered outlandish, but is now seen as heralding a paradigmatic cultural shift from late 19th - century Romantic verse and Georgian lyrics to Modernism.",June 1915
where is the hallmark series good witch filmed,"Although set in `` Middleton, USA '', it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake, Ontario. In the sequel, The Good Witch's Charm, the map on the wall in the police station shows Middleton north and west of Chicago, in the vicinity of DuPage County. The names of the suburbs and interstates that are west of Chicago can be clearly seen.","Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake, Ontario"
who was the original singer of personal jesus,"`` Personal Jesus '' is a song by the English electronic band Depeche Mode, released on 28 August 1989 as the lead single from their seventh album, Violator (1990) . It reached No. 13 on the UK Singles Chart and No. 28 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single was their first to make the US Top 40 since 1984's `` People Are People '', and was their first gold - certified single in the US (quickly followed by its successor, `` Enjoy the Silence '') .",Depeche Mode
what is the blue guys name from guardians of the galaxy,"Michael Booker as You Donna : A blue - skinned bandit who is the leader of the Ravagers and a paternal figure to Quill. You helps Quill to steal the orb before Quill betrays him, leaving You and the Ravagers to chase the Guardians. On the character, Booker said, he has `` some interesting issues -- not a good guy, not a bad guy. There's hope and there's a heart inside You. '' Gun created the film's version of the character specifically with Booker in mind, while borrowing the character's Mohawk and use of a whistle - controlled arrow from the comics. Booker fully committed to the role once he knew his role on the TV series The Walking Dead would be ending. Rooker's makeup took approximately four hours to apply.",You Donna
who is the most followed user in instagram,"This list contains the top 25 accounts with the most followers on the social photo - sharing platform Instagram. As of May 2018, the most followed user is Instagram's own account, with over 235 million followers. Selena Gomez is the most followed individual, with over 137 million followers. Ten accounts have exceeded 100 million followers on the site.",Instagram's own account
when was smoking in pubs banned in uk,"A smoking ban in England, making it illegal to smoke in all enclosed work places in England, came into force on July 2007 as a consequence of the Health Act 2006. Similar bans had already been introduced by the rest of the United Kingdom : in Scotland on 26 March 2006, Wales on April 2007 and Northern Ireland on 30 April 2007.",July 2007
when do trains have to blow their horns,"On April 27, 2005, the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) , which enforces rail safety regulations, published the final rule on the use of locomotive horns at highway - rail grade crossings. Effective June 24, 2005, the rule requires that locomotive horns be sounded at all public grade crossings at least 15 seconds, but not more than 20 seconds before entering a crossing. This rule applies when the train speed is below 45 mph (70 km / h) . At 45 mph or above, trains are still required to sound their horn at the designated location (usually denoted with a whistle post) .",At all public grade crossings
what is the wilshire 5000 total market index,"The Wilshire 5000 Total Market Index, or more simply the Wilshire 5000, is a market - capitalization - weighted index of the market value of all stocks actively traded in the United States. As of December 31, 2016, the index contained only, 618 components. The index is intended to measure the performance of most publicly traded companies headquartered in the United States, with readily available price data, (Bulletin Board / penny stocks and stocks of tiny companies are excluded) . Hence, the index includes a majority of the common stocks and Rests traded primarily through New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, or the American Stock Exchange. Limited partnerships and ADRs are not included. It can be tracked by following the ticker ^ W5000.",A market - capitalization - weighted index of the market value of all stocks actively traded in the United States
how long did it take to build great pyramid of giza,"Based on these estimates, building the pyramid in 20 years would involve installing approximately 800 tonnes of stone every day. Additionally, since it consists of an estimated. a million blocks, completing the building in 20 years would involve moving an average of more than 12 of the blocks into place each hour, day and night. The first precision measurements of the pyramid were made by Egyptologist Sir Flinders Petrie in 1880 -- 82 and published as The Pyramids and Temples of Given. Almost all reports are based on his measurements. Many of the casing stones and inner chamber blocks of the Great Pyramid fit together with extremely high precision. Based on measurements taken on the northeastern casing stones, the mean opening of the joints is only. Millimetre wide (/ 50 of an inch) .",20 years
when was the women's first world cup held,"The FIFA Women's World Cup is an international football competition contested by the senior women's national teams of the members of Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) , the sport's global governing body. The competition has been held every four years since 1991, when the inaugural tournament, then called the FIFA Women's World Championship, was held in China.",1991
who played spock's mother in star trek 2009,"Winona Ryder as Amanda Grayson, Spock's mother.",Winona Ryder
who plays bell in beauty and the beast,"Belle has garnered widespread acclaim from film critics who appreciated the character's bravery, intelligence and independence. Reception towards her feminism, however, has been more mixed, with commentators accusing the character's actions of being romance - oriented. The fifth Disney Princess, Belle is often ranked among the franchise's best. Highly regarded as one of Disney's strongest examples of a feminist character, critics agree that Belle helped spearhead a generation of independent film heroines while changing the reputation of a Disney princess. Also, one of Disney's the most iconic characters, Belle was the only animated heroine nominated for the American Film Institute's greatest heroes in film ranking. The character also appears in the film's several sequels and spin-offs, as well as her own live - action television series. American actress Susan Began originated the role of Belle in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical. Emma Watson plays a live - action version of the character in a 2017 live action adaptation of the original 1991 film.","Susan Began, Tony Award"
where is the college football national championship played this year,"The 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship was a bowl game that was used to determine a national champion of college football in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision for the 2016 season. The game was played at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida, on January 2017. It was the culminating game of the 2016 -- 17 bowl season.","Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida"
what's the abv of pabst blue ribbon,Pabst Blue Ribbon America has a licensing agreement and joint venture arrangement with C&C Group Plc and is being distributed in Republic of Ireland through C&C Gleeson and in Northern Ireland through Tenants Northern Ireland. It is sold in 355ml cans and bottles and on draft via a 30L keg. The ABV is. %.,. %
when is the new season of wrecked coming out,"On July 2016, TBS renewed the show for a second season which was shot in Fiji. The second season premiered on June 20, 2017. On September 13, 2017, TBS renewed the series for a third season, which premiered on August 2018.","August, 2018"
where does the eye for an eye come from,"First referenced in the Code of Hammurabi, (which predates the Hebrew Bible. ) In the Hebrew Law, the `` eye for eye '' was to restrict compensation to the value of the loss. Thus, it might be better read' only one eye for one eye' . The biblical phrase `` an eye for an eye '' in Exodus and Leviticus (עין תחת עין ‬, akin ta chat akin) literally means' an eye in place of an eye' while a slightly different phrase (עַיִן בְּעַיִן שֵׁן בְּשֵׁן, literally `` eye for an eye ; tooth for a tooth '') is used in another passage (in Deuteronomy) of the Hebrew Bible, specifically, in the first of its three subdivisions, the Torah. For example, a passage in Leviticus states, `` And a man who injures his countryman -- as he has done, so it shall be done to him (namely, ) fracture for fracture, eye for eye, tooth for tooth. Just as he has injured a person, so it shall be done to him. '' (LEV. 24 : 19 -- 21)",Hebrew Bible
who was prime minister when the queen was crowned,Winston Churchill was the incumbent Prime Minister of the United Kingdom when Elizabeth became queen.,Winston Churchill
what is the maximum term a us president can serve,"Term limits, also referred to as rotation in office, restrict the number of terms of office an officeholder may hold. For example, according to the 22nd Amendment, the President of the United States can serve two four - year terms and serve no more than 10 years.",Two four - year terms
when did china's 1 child policy end,"The one - child policy, a part of the family planning policy, was a population planning policy of China. It was introduced in 1979 and began to be formally phased out near the end of 2015 and the beginning of 2016. The policy was only enforced on Han Chinese and allowed exceptions for many groups, including ethnic minorities. In 2007, 36 % of China's population was subject to a strict one - child restriction, with an additional 53 % being allowed to have a second child if the first child was a girl. Provincial governments imposed fines for violations, and the local and national governments created commissions to raise awareness and carry out registration and inspection work.",Near the end of 2015 and the beginning of 2016
where is the 11 foot 8 inch bridge,"The 11-foot Bridge (formerly known as the Norfolk Southern -- Greg son Street Overpass and nicknamed The Can - Opener) is a railroad bridge in Durham, North Carolina, United States, that has attracted media coverage and popular attention because tall vehicles such as trucks and RVs frequently collide with the unusually low overpass, resulting in damage ranging from RV roof air conditioners being scraped off to entire truck roofs being removed. The 78 - year - old bridge along South Greg son Street provides only 11 feet inches (.56 m) of vertical clearance. It can not be raised, because nearby railroad crossings would also have to be raised with it. The street also can not be lowered, because a major sewer line runs only four feet (. m) under Greg son Street.","Durham, North Carolina"
who said to error is human to forgive divine,"An Essay on Criticism is one of the first major poems written by the English writer Alexander Pope (1688 -- 1744) . It is the source of the famous quotations `` To err is human, to forgive divine '' and `` A little learning is a dang'Ross thing, '' frequently misquoted as `` A little knowledge is a dang'Ross thing. '' It first appeared in 1711 after having been written in 1709, and it is clear from Pope's correspondence that many of the poem's ideas had existed in prose form since at least 1706. Composed in heroic couplets (pairs of adjacent rhyming lines of iambic pentameter) and written in the Croatian mode of satire, it is a verse essay primarily concerned with how writers and critics behave in the new literary commerce of Pope's contemporary age. The poem covers a range of good criticism and advice, and represents many of the chief literary ideals of Pope's age.",Alexander Pope
who sang make em laugh in singin in the rain,"`` Make' Em Laugh '' is a song first featured in the 1952 film Singing' in the Rain, frenetically performed by Donald O'Connor. Written by Nacho Herb Brown and Arthur Freed, the song is closely based on Cole Porter's `` Be a Clown ''. It finished at 49 in AFI's 100 Years ... 100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.",Donald O'Connor
mix red and green to make this colour,"By convention, the three primary colors in additive mixing are red, green, and blue. In the absence of color, when no colors are showing, the result is black. If all three primary colors are showing, the result is white. When red and green combine, the result is yellow. When red and blue combine, the result is magenta. When blue and green combine, the result is cyan.",yellow
what is the old name of state bank of india,"The bank descends from the Bank of Calcutta, founded in 1806, via the Imperial Bank of India, making it the oldest commercial bank in the Indian subcontinent. The Bank of Madras merged into the other two `` presidency banks '' in British India, the Bank of Calcutta and the Bank of Bombay, to form the Imperial Bank of India, which in turn became the State Bank of India in 1955. The Government of India took control of the Imperial Bank of India in 1955, with Reserve Bank of India (India's central bank) taking a 60 % stake, renaming it the State Bank of India. In 2008, the government took over the stake held by the Reserve Bank of India.",Imperial Bank of India
where does the largest halloween parade take place every year,"New York's Village Halloween Parade is an annual holiday parade and street pageant presented on the night of every Halloween in New York City's Greenwich Village. The Village Halloween Parade, initiated in 1973 by Greenwich Village puppeteer and mask maker Ralph Lee, that lays claim to being the world's the largest Halloween parade where in recent years it is reported to have 60,000 marchers and a million spectators. .",New York
who sings on i ain't mad at cha,"`` I Ain't Mad at CIA '' is a song by rapper PAC released shortly after his death as the sixth single from his album All Eye on Me. It was also his last single using the stage name PAC. The song features contemporary soul singer Danny Boy who provided the vocals for the song's hook. The song did well in the United Kingdom, reaching the number 13 on the UK Singles Chart and on the UK R&B Charts peaking at number. It was not released as a single in the United States, thus making it ineligible to chart on the Billboard singles charts (due to chart rules at the time) , but reached numbers 18 and 58 in the R&B and Pop Airplay charts, respectively. It also reached number two on the New Zealand Singles Chart.",Danny Boy
when did women's cricket start in india,"The British brought cricket to India in the early 1700s, with the first cricket match played in 1721. The first Indian cricket club was established by the Paris community in Bombay, in 1848 ; the club played their first match against the Europeans in 1877. The first official Indian cricket team was formed in 1911 and toured England, where they played English county teams. The India team made their Test debut against England in 1932. Around the same time (1934) , the first women's Test was played between England and Australia. However, women's cricket arrived in India much later ; the Women's Cricket Association of India was formed in 1973. The Indian women's team played their first Test match in 1976, against the West Indies. India recorded its first - ever Test wins in November 1978 against West Indies under Santa Rangaswamy's captaincy at the Main - UL - Had Stadium in Patna.",1973
why did the stamp act of 1765 happen,"The purpose of the tax was to pay for British military troops stationed in the American colonies after the French and Indian War, which was the North American theater of the Seven Years' War. However, the colonists had never feared a French invasion to begin with, and they contended that they had already paid their share of the war expenses. They suggested that it was actually a matter of British patronage to surplus British officers and career soldiers who should be paid by London.",To pay for British military troops stationed in the American colonies after the French and Indian War
who built the statue in rio de janeiro,Designer Created by the French sculptor Paul Lewandowski and built by the engineer Hector da Silva Costa Brazil in collab with the French engineer Albert Ca quot. Romanian sculptor George Leonid created the face of the statue,Created by the French sculptor Paul Lewandowski and built by the engineer Hector da Silva Costa Brazil in collab with the French engineer Albert Ca quot. Romanian sculptor George Leonid created the face of the statue
flu that spread over a large area in 1918,"The 1918 flu pandemic (January 1918 -- December 1920) was an unusually deadly influenza pandemic, the first of the two pandemics involving H N influenza virus. It infected 500 million people around the world, including people on remote Pacific islands and in the Arctic, and resulted in the deaths of 50 to 100 million (three to five percent of the world's population) , making it one of the deadliest natural disasters in human history.",H N influenza virus
what do you call a person who does acrobatics,"The fabrics used as silks are very strong with some give and flexibility. The fabric is - way stretch polyester Lycra or Strict Nylon. The width varies depending on the routine and the acrobat. The fabric is usually quite long, as it is doubled for rigging, giving the acrobat two strips of fabric to work with as they perform.",acrobat
what is the name of the cat in tom and jerry,"Tom (named `` Jasper '' in his debut appearance) is a gray and white domestic short hair cat. `` Tom '' is a generic name for a male cat. He is usually but not always, portrayed as living a comfortable, or even pampered life, while Jerry (named `` Jinx '' in his debut appearance) is a small, brown, house mouse who always lives in proximity to Tom. Despite being very energetic, determined and much larger, Tom is no match for Jerry's wits. Jerry also possesses surprising strength for his size, approximately the equivalent of Tom's, lifting items such as anvils with relative ease and withstanding considerable impacts. Although cats typically chase mice to consume them, it is quite rare for Tom to actually try to consume Jerry. Most of his attempts are just to torment or humiliate Jerry, sometimes in revenge, and sometimes to obtain a reward from a human for catching Jerry. By the final `` fade - out '' of each cartoon, Jerry usually emerges triumphant, while Tom is shown as the loser.",Tom
who killed katie in the movie mystic river,"Jimmy and his friends get Dave drunk at a local bar. When Dave leaves the bar, the men follow him out. Jimmy tells Dave that he shot `` Just Ray '' Harris at that same location for ratting him out and sending him to jail. Jimmy informs Dave that his wife thinks he murdered Katie and tells Dave he will let him live if he confesses. Dave repeatedly tells Jimmy that he did kill someone, but it was not Katie : he beat a child molester to death after finding him having sex with a child prostitute in a car. Jimmy does not believe Dave's claim and threatens him with a knife. When Dave finally admits to killing Katie thinking he can escape with his life, Jimmy kills him and disposes of his body in the adjacent Mystic River.",Dave
what iron maiden album is the trooper on,"`` The Trooper '' is a song by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden. It was released as the second single on 20 June 1983 from the band's fourth studio album, Piece of Mind (1983) . It was one of only a few songs to get much radio airplay in the US, thus peaking at No. 28 on the US Mainstream Rock charts. Furthermore, it also achieved success in the UK, peaking at No. 12 in the UK Singles Charts as well as gaining a much better reception than the band's previous single, `` Flight of Icarus ''.",Piece of Mind
who wrote the song knocking on heaven's door,"`` Knocking' on Heaven's Door '' is a song written and sung by Bob Dylan, for the soundtrack of the 1973 film Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid. Released as a single, it reached No. 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Described by Dylan biographer Clinton Hamlin as `` an exercise in splendid simplicity, '' the song, measured simply in terms of the number of other artists who have covered it, is one of Dylan's most popular post-1960s compositions.",Bob Dylan
where was the author when he wrote the star spangled banner,"`` The Star - Spangled Banner '' is the national anthem of the United States of America. The lyrics come from `` Defense of Fort M'Henry '', a poem written on September 14, 1814, by the 35 - year - old lawyer and amateur poet Francis Scott Key after witnessing the bombardment of Fort McHenry by British ships of the Royal Navy in Baltimore Harbor during the Battle of Baltimore in the War of 1812. Key was inspired by the large American flag, the Star - Spangled Banner, flying triumphantly above the fort during the American victory.",Fort McHenry
the reason japanese pagoda roofs decline in size is,"The edge of a pagoda's eaves forms a straight line, with each following edge being shorter than the other. The more difference in length (a parameter called taken (逓減, gradual diminution) in Japanese) between stories, the more solid and secure the pagoda seems to be. Both taken and the finial are greater in older pagodas, giving them a sense of solidity. Vice versa, recent pagodas tend to be steeper and have shorter finials, creating svelter silhouettes.",The more solid and secure the pagoda seems to be
when does the arctic circle get 24 hours of daylight,"The midnight sun is a natural phenomenon that occurs in the summer months in places north of the Arctic Circle or south of the Antarctic Circle, when the sun remains visible at the local midnight.",In the summer months
what does the acrosome do in a sperm cell,"In mammals the autosome reaction releases hyaluronate and acrosin ; their role in fertilization is not yet clear. The autosomal reaction does not begin until the sperm comes into contact with the oocyte's zone pellucid. Upon coming into contact with the zone pellucid, the autosomal enzymes begin to dissolve, and the action filament comes into contact with the zone pellucid. Once the two meet, a calcium influx occurs, causing a signaling cascade. The cortical granules inside the oocyte then fuse to the outer membrane and a transient fast block reaction occurs.",Releases hyaluronate and acrosin
what was joker's plan in the dark knight,"The film's interpretation of the Joker embodies themes of chaos, anarchy and obsession : Throughout the film, the character expresses a desire to upset social order through crime, and defines himself by his conflict with Batman. The character also explores techniques found in Ledger's previous performances, including his clown act in Terry Gilliam's fantasy film The Brothers Grimm. Further, it references paintings by artist Francis Bacon, Anthony Burgess' novel A Clockwork Orange and various punk rock musicians.",To upset social order through crime
what is the name of arasamaram in english,"Ficus religious or sacred fig is a species of fig native to the Indian subcontinent, and Indochina. It belongs to the Miracle, the fig or mulberry family. It is also known as the bod hi tree, impala tree, Peel tree, pee pal tree or Ashworth tree (in India and Nepal) .",Sacred fig
what is the full form of als disease,"Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) , also known as motor neuron disease (MND) , and Lou Gehrig's disease, is a specific disease which causes the death of neurons controlling voluntary muscles. Some also use the term motor neuron disease for a group of conditions of which ALS is the most common. ALS is characterized by stiff muscles, muscle twitching, and gradually worsening weakness due to muscles decreasing in size. This results in difficulty speaking, swallowing, and eventually breathing.",Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
how many books are in the narnia series,"The Chronicles of Narnia are a series of seven fantasy novels by C.S. Lewis. It is considered a classic of children's literature and is the author's best - known work, having sold over 100 million copies in 47 languages. Written by Lewis, illustrated by Pauline Barnes, and originally published in London between 1950 and 1956, The Chronicles of Narnia has been adapted several times, complete or in part, for radio, television, the stage, and film.",seven
who plays sons of anarchy president in mayans,"Marcus Álvarez is a fictional character on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy and its spinoff Mayans MC, played by Emilio Rivera. He initially serves as an antagonist on the show but gradually comes to a less hostile relation with the Sons of Anarchy. He is the leader of the Mayans, a Mexican - American outlaw motorcycle club.",Marcus Álvarez
when was the last time a detroit sports team won a championship,2008 The Detroit Shock earn their third WNBA Championship in the WNBA Finals. It is the team's third title in six seasons.,2008
how many seasons are there of knight rider,"The original Knight Rider series followed the adventures of Michael Knight, a modern - day crime fighter who uses a technologically advanced, artificially intelligent automobile. This car is virtually indestructible, due to a high-tech coating applied to it. This series debuted in 1982 and ran for four seasons on NBC. These adventures were continued with the television films Knight Rider 2000 and Knight Rider 2010 and the short-lived Team Knight Rider. One other television movie, Knight Rider, served as a pilot for the 2008 television series Knight Rider. In 1985, a spin - off series, Code of Vengeance, also premiered.",four
who the girl in somebody that i used to know,"`` Somebody That I Used To Know '' has been performed several times on major US TV shows such as The Voice, American Idol, and Saturday Night Live. It was covered by Canadian indie rock group Walk off the Earth using a single guitar played simultaneously by all five band members and by actors Darren Cross and Matt Bomber in the Glee episode `` Big Brother ''. The hit song's accompanying music video was directed by Australian artist Natasha Pincus. The video, which has received over. a billion views on YouTube as of August 2018, premiered on July 2011. It shows Got ye and Kim bra naked against a white backdrop. While they sing, a pattern of paint gradually covers their skin and the backdrop via stop-motion animation.",Kim bra
where did jaren jackson senior play college basketball,"Learn Jackson Sr. (born October 27, 1967) is an American professional basketball coach and former professional basketball player. A' '' (.93 m) shooting guard born in New Orleans, Louisiana, Jackson played at Georgetown University from 1985 to 1989 and graduated with a bachelor's degree in finance. He was never drafted into the NBA but played 13 seasons for multiple teams. He is best known for his tenure with the San Antonio Spurs, who he helped win their first NBA championship in 1999.",Georgetown University
when did the us first start using daylight savings time,"Daylight saving time was established by the Standard Time Act of 1918. The Act was intended to save electricity for seven months of the year, during World War I. DST was repealed in 1919 over a Presidential veto, but standard time in time zones remained in law, with the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) having the authority over time zone boundaries. Daylight time became a local matter.",1918
when is season 4 of the flash coming,"The fourth season began airing on October 10, 2017, on The CW.","October 10, 2017"
role of a cto in an it company,"A chief technology officer (CTO) , sometimes known as a chief technical officer, is an executive - level position in a company or other entity whose occupation is focused on scientific and technological issues within an organization.",An executive - level position in a company or other entity whose occupation is focused on scientific and technological issues within an organization
who are the consumers in a food chain,"Consumers are organisms that eat organisms from a different population. These organisms are formally referred to as heterotrophs, which include animals, some bacteria and fungi. Such organisms may consume by various means, including predation, parasitization, and biodegradation.",Organisms that eat organisms from a different population
who were the two superpowers during the cold war space race,"The Space Race refers to the 20th - century competition between two Cold War rivals, the Soviet Union (USSR) and the United States (US) , for dominance in spaceflight capability. It had its origins in the missile - based nuclear arms race between the two nations that occurred following World War II, aided by captured German missile technology and personnel from the Aggregate program. The technological superiority required for such dominance was seen as necessary for national security, and symbolic of ideological superiority. The Space Race spawned pioneering efforts to launch artificial satellites, uncrewed space probes of the Moon, Venus, and Mars, and human spaceflight in low Earth orbit and to the Moon.","The Soviet Union (USSR), The United States"
when did they add ain't to the dictionary,"Webster's Third New International Dictionary, published in 1961, went against then - standard practice when it included the following usage note in its entry on ain't : `` though disapproved by many and more common in less educated speech, used orally in most parts of the U.S. by many cultivated speakers esp. in the phrase ain't I. '' Many commentators disapproved of the dictionary's relatively permissive attitude toward the word, which was inspired, in part, by the belief of its editor, Philip Love, that `` distinctions of usage were elitist and artificial ''.",1961
who played the koala in the movie sing,"Matthew McConaughey as Buster Moon, an optimistic koala who plans to save his theater from closure by holding a singing competition.",Matthew McConaughey
where is the thalmus located in the brain,"The thalamus (from Greek θάλαμος, `` chamber '') is the large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the telencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals, to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness.",Dorsal part of the telencephalon
just before texas became a us state in 1845 texas was,"In 1845, the Republic of Texas was annexed to the United States of America, becoming the 28th U.S. state. Border disputes between the new state and Mexico, which had never recognized Texas independence and still considered the area a renegade Mexican state, led to the Mexican -- American War (1846 -- 1848) . When the war concluded, Mexico relinquished its claim on Texas, as well as other regions in what is now the southwestern United States. Texas' annexation as a state that tolerated slavery had caused tension in the United States among slave states and those that did not allow slavery. The tension was partially defused with the Compromise of 1850, in which Texas ceded some of its territory to the federal government to become non-slave - owning areas but gained El Paso.",Annexed to the United States of America
which is the last game of thrones book,"A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R.R. Martin. He began the first volume of the series, A Game of Thrones, in 1991 and had it published in 1996. Martin, who initially envisioned the series as a trilogy, has published five out of a planned seven volumes. The fifth and most recent volume of the series published in 2011, A Dance with Dragons, took Martin six years to write. He is still writing the sixth novel, The Winds of Winter.",A Song of Ice and Fire
who is the youngest elected president of usa,"The median age at accession to the presidency is roughly 55 years and months, which is about how old Benjamin Harrison was at the time of his inauguration. The youngest person to assume the office was Theodore Roosevelt, who became president following William McKinley's assassination, at the age of 42 years, 322 days. The youngest person elected president was John F. Kennedy, who was inaugurated into office at the age of 43 years, 236 days. Assassinated three years into his term, he became the youngest at the time of leaving office (46 years, 177 days) ; the youngest person at the time of leaving office after serving a full four - year term was Theodore Roosevelt (50 years, 128 days) . The oldest person at the time of entering office was Donald Trump, at the age of 70 years, 220 days ; Ronald Reagan was the oldest person in office, at the age of 77 years, 349 days when his presidency ended in January 1989.",John F. Kennedy
who did rob lowe play in the stand,"The townspeople are taken to a CDC facility in Vermont. All but Stu succumb to the super flu, which kills 99. % of the world's population in two weeks. The scattered survivors include would - be rock star Larry Underwood (Adam Store) ; deaf mute Nick Andres (Rob Lowe) ; Frankie Goldsmith (Molly Ronald) and her unborn child from Jesse, her boyfriend prior to the plague ; her teenaged neighbor Harold Lauder (Coin Name) ; imprisoned criminal Lloyd Henri (Miguel Ferret) ; and `` Trashcan Man '' (Matt Fewer) , a mentally ill arsonist and scavenger. The survivors soon begin having visions, either from kindly Mother Abigail (Ruby Dee) or from the demonic Randall Flag (James Sheridan) . The two sets of survivors are instructed in dreams to either travel to Nebraska to meet Abigail, or to Las Vegas to join Flag.",Nick Andres
local governments that provide a single service or a closely related set of services are,"Special districts (also known as special service districts, special district governments, limited purpose entities, or special - purpose districts in the United States) are independent, special - purpose governmental units that exist separately from local governments such as county, municipal, and township governments, with substantial administrative and fiscal independence. They are formed to perform a single function or a set of related functions. The term special district governments as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau excludes school districts. In 2007, the U.S. had more than 39,000 special district governments.",Special districts
a rift valley is evidence of which kind of plate boundary,"A rift valley is a linear - shaped lowland between several highlands or mountain ranges created by the action of a geologic rift or fault. A rift valley is formed on a divergent plate boundary, a crustal extension, a spreading apart from the surface, which is subsequently further deepened by the forces of erosion. When the tension forces were strong enough to cause the plate to split apart, a center block dropped between the two blocks at its flanks, forming a graben. The drop of the center creates the nearly parallel steeply dipping walls of a rift valley when it is new. That feature is the beginning of the rift valley, but as the process continues, the valley widens, until it becomes a large basin that fills with sediment from the rift walls and the surrounding area. One of the best known examples of this process is the East African Rift. On Earth, rifts can occur at all elevations, from the sea floor to plateaus and mountain ranges in continental crust or in oceanic crust. They are often associated with a number of adjoining subsidiary or coextensive valleys, which are typically considered part of the principal rift valley geologically.",A divergent plate boundary
where was the merlot wine grape originally grown,"The earliest recorded mention of Merlot (under the synonym of Medley) was in the notes of a local Bordeaux official who in 1784 labeled wine made from the grape in the Libournais region as one of the area's best. In 1824, the word Merlot itself appeared in an article on Medic wine where it was described that the grape was named after the local black bird (called medley in the local variant of Occitan language, Merle in standard) who liked eating the ripe grapes on the vine. Other descriptions of the grape from the 19th century called the variety Lou semé you flute (meaning `` the seedling from the river '') with the grape thought to have originated on one of the islands found along the Argonne river.",Thought to have originated on one of the islands found along the Argonne river
when is the station of the cross done,"Commonly, a series of 14 images will be arranged in numbered order along a path and the faithful travel from image to image, in order, stopping at each station to say the selected prayers and reflections. This will be done individually or in a procession most commonly during Lent, especially on Good Friday, in a spirit of reparation for the sufferings and insults that Jesus endured during his passion.","Most commonly during Lent, Especially on Good Friday"
which is older jeopardy or wheel of fortune,"Mere Griffin conceived Wheel of Fortune just as the original version of Jeopardy ! , another show he had created, was ending its 11 - year run on NBC with Art Fleming as its host. Griffin decided to create a Hangman - style game after recalling long car trips as a child, on which he and his sister played Hangman. After he discussed the idea with Mere Griffin Enterprises' staff, they thought that the idea would work as a game show if it had a `` hook ''. He decided to add a roulette - style wheel because he was always `` drawn to '' such wheels when he saw them in casinos. He and MGE's then - president Murray Schwartz consulted an executive of Caesars Palace to find out how to build such a wheel.",Jeopardy !
who translated the king james bible to english,"James gave the translators instructions intended to ensure that the new version would conform to the ecclesiology and reflect the episcopal structure of the Church of England and its belief in an ordained clergy. The translation was done by 47 scholars, all of whom were members of the Church of England. In common with most other translations of the period, the New Testament was translated from Greek, the Old Testament from Hebrew and Aramaic, and the Apocrypha from Greek and Latin. In the Book of Common Prayer (1662) , the text of the Authorized Version replaced the text of the Great Bible for Epistle and Gospel readings (but not for the Psalter, which substantially retained Coverdale's Great Bible version) and as such was authorized by Act of Parliament.","47 scholars, All of whom were members of the Church of England"
who sang the song if it's meant to be,"`` Meant to Be '' is a song recorded by American singer Bebe Rexha featuring vocals from American country music duo Florida Georgia Line, from Rexha's third extended play (EP) All Your Fault : Pt. and debut studio album Expectations. It was released to American contemporary hit radio on October 24, 2017, by Warner Bros. Records as the second single from the EP.","Bebe Rexha, Florida Georgia Line"
the area between the tigris and euphrates rivers,"The ecoregion is characterized by two large rivers, the Tigris and Euphrates. The rivers have several small tributaries which feed into the system from shallow freshwater lakes, swamps, and marshes, all surrounded by desert. The hydrology of these vast marshes is extremely important to the ecology of the entire upper Persian Gulf. Historically, the area is known as Mesopotamia. As part of the larger Fertile Crescent, it saw the earliest emergence of literate urban civilization in the Uruk period, for which reason it is often described as a `` Cradle of Civilization ''.",Mesopotamia
the most recent revision of the apa ethics code was published in,"The first version was published by the APA in 1953. The need for such a document came after psychologists were taking on more professional and public roles post-World War II. A committee was developed and reviewed situations submitted by psychologists in the field who felt they had encountered ethical dilemmas. The committee organized these situations into themes and included them in the first document which was 170 pages in length. Over the years, a distinction was made between aspirational principles and enforceable standards. Since, there have been nine revisions with the most recent published in 2002 and amended in 2010.",2010
where does an apple a day keeps the doctor away come from,"First recorded in the 1860s, the proverb originated in Wales, and was particularly prevalent in Pembrokeshire. The first English version of the saying was `` Eat an apple on going to bed, and you'll keep the doctor from earning his bread. '' The current phrasing (`` An apple a day keeps the doctor away '') was first used in print in 1922.","The proverb originated in Wales, And was particularly prevalent in Pembrokeshire"
the ability of an atom to attract electron towards itself is called,"Electronegativity, symbol χ, is a chemical property that describes the tendency of an atom to attract electrons (or electron density) towards itself. An atom's electronegativity is affected by both its atomic number and the distance at which its valence electrons reside from the charged nucleus. The higher the associated electronegativity number, the more an element or compound attracts electrons towards it.",Electronegativity
who played the devil in storm of the century,"A very powerful blizzard hits the fictional small town of Little Tall Island (also the setting of King's novel Dolores Claiborne) off the coast of Maine. The storm is so powerful that all access off the island is blocked, and no one is able to leave the island until the storm is over. While trying to deal with the storm, tragedy strikes when one of the town's residents is brutally murdered by André Linage (Cold Fore) , a menacing stranger who appears to know the town members' darkest secrets, and who gives no hint of his motives other than the cryptic statement `` Give me what I want, and I'll go away. ''",Cold Fore
who won the most states in the 2016 presidential election,"Voters selected members of the Electoral College in each state, in most cases by `` winner - takes - all '' plurality ; those state electors in turn voted for a new president and vice president on December 19, 2016. While Clinton received about. a million more votes nationwide, a margin of. %, Trump won 30 states with a total of 306 electors, or 57 % of the 538 available. He won the three perennial swing states of Florida, Ohio, and Iowa, as well as the three `` blue wall '' stronghold states of Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. He also won Maine's ND congressional district, which had not been won by a Republican presidential candidate since 1988. Leading up to the election, a Trump victory was considered unlikely by almost all media forecasts. After his victory was assured, some commentators compared the election to President Harry S. Truman's victorious campaign in 1948 as one of the greatest political upsets in modern American history.",Trump
who starred in oh what a lovely war,"Oh ! What a Lovely War is a 1969 British comedy musical film directed by Richard Attenborough (in his directorial debut) , with an ensemble cast including Maggie Smith, Dirk Board, John Gielgud, John Mills, Kenneth More, Laurence Olivier, Jack Hawkins, Coin Redgrave, Michael Redgrave, Vanessa Redgrave, Ralph Richardson, Ian Hold, Paul Shelley, Malcolm McGee, Jean - Pierre Tassel, Nanette Newman, Edward Fox, Susannah York, John Clements, Phyllis Calvert and Maurice Reeves.","Maggie Smith, Dirk Board, John Gielgud, John Mills, Kenneth More, Laurence Olivier, Jack Hawkins, Coin Redgrave, Michael Redgrave, Vanessa Redgrave, Ralph Richardson, Ian Hold, Paul Shelley, Malcolm McGee, Jean - Pierre Tassel, Nanette Newman, Edward Fox, Susannah York, John Clements, Phyllis Calvert, Maurice Reeves"
the location of the corpora cavernosa is the,"A corpus cavernous penis (singular) (cavernous body of the penis) is one of a pair of sponges - like regions of erectile tissue, the corpora caverns (plural) (cavernous bodies) , which contain most of the blood in the penis during an erection. Such a corpus is homologous to the corpus cavernous clitorides in the female ; the body of the clitoris contains erectile tissue in a pair of corpora caverns (literally `` cave - like bodies '') with a recognizably similar structure.",(cavernous body of the penis) is one of a pair of sponges - like regions of erectile tissue
when does pam get back from art school,"In the Season premiere, `` Weight Loss '', Pam begins her three - month course at the Pratt Institute. In this episode, Jim proposes in the pouring rain at a rest stop, saying that he `` can't wait ''. In `` Business Trip '', Pam learns that she is failing one of her classes and will have to remain in New York another three months to retake it. Although Jim is supportive and tells her he will wait for her to come back `` the right way '', she ultimately makes the decision to return home, saying that she realized she hated graphic design and missed Scranton. A deleted scene for the episode shows Jim looking through Pam's graphic design projects, which he thinks are `` cool '', as well as a notebook filled with pencil sketches, which he finds a lot more impressive than her graphic design projects, implying her talents lie in hand - drawn works. In `` Two Weeks '', Pam agrees to become Michael's first saleswoman in his not - yet - established company, The Michael Scott Paper Co., as a supportive Jim looks on. When David Wallace makes an offer to buy the company Michael negotiates in order to get their jobs at Under Mifflin back instead, including adding Pam to the sales team. In `` Company Picnic '', Pam, after dominating the company volleyball tournament, injures her ankle during a game and is taken to the hospital against her wishes. At the hospital, the camera crew is stationed outside an exam room while a doctor updates Jim and Pam on her condition. There is no audio as the camera shows Jim and Pam embrace, looking shocked and ecstatic. It is implied that she is pregnant and is confirmed in the Season premiere, `` Gossip ''.",`` Business Trip ''
who sings don't you forget about me from the breakfast club,"`` Don't You (Forget About Me) '' is a 1985 pop song performed by Scottish rock band Simple Minds. The song is best known for being played during the opening and closing credits of the John Hughes film The Breakfast Club. It was written and composed by producer Keith Dorsey and Steve Schiff, the latter of whom was a guitarist and songwriter from the Nina Hagen band.",Simple Minds
where is the rotator cuff located on the human body,"The rotator cuff muscles are important in shoulder movements and in maintaining glenohumeral joint (shoulder joint) stability. These muscles arise from the scapula and connect to the head of the humerus, forming a cuff at the shoulder joint. They hold the head of the humerus in the small and shallow glenoid fossa of the scapula. The glenohumeral joint has been analogously described as a golf ball (head of the humerus) sitting on a golf tee (glenoid fossa) .",Shoulder joint
what is the capital of azerbaijan in europe,Capital Baku 40° 25 ′ N 49° 50 ′ E / 40.417 ° N 49.833° E / 40.417 ; 49.833,Baku
who played rolf in the sound of music,"Daniel Lee Trustee (born September 10, 1943, in Sacramento, California) is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Role Gruber, the young Austrian telegraph delivery boy who performed `` Sixteen Going on Seventeen '', in the film The Sound of Music (1965) . Trustee is a singer, actor, dancer, and teacher of young performers.",Daniel Lee Trustee
when was i can only imagine movie made,"I Can Only Imagine is a 2018 American Christian drama film directed by the Erwin Brothers and written by Alex Crater, Jon Erwin, and Brent McCorkell, based on the story behind the Mercy Me song of the same name, the best-selling Christian single of all time. The film stars J. Michael Finley as Bart Millard, the lead singer who wrote the song about his relationship with his father (Dennis Quiet) . Madeline Carroll, Priscilla Shire, Clovis Leach man, and Trace Adkins also star.",2018
when was when you say nothing at all written,"`` When You Say Nothing at All '' is a country song written by Paul Over street and Don Schlitz. It is among the best - known hit songs for three different performers : Keith Whitley, who took it to the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart on December 24, 1988 ; Alison Kraus, whose version was her first solo top - 10 country hit in 1995 ; and Irish pop singer Ronan Keating, whose version was his first solo single and a chart - topper in the United Kingdom and Ireland in 1999.",1988
shadow of the colossus creator's new game,"Team ICO began developing The Last Guardian in 2007. It was designed and directed by Quito USDA, and shares stylistic, thematic, and gameplay elements with his previous titles ICO (2001) and Shadow of the Colossus (2005) . He employed the `` design through subtraction '' approach he had used for his previous games, removing elements that did not contribute to the core theme of the connection between the boy and Trio.",The Last Guardian
the dot product of two vectors results in a,"The name `` dot product '' is derived from the centered dot `` '' that is often used to designate this operation ; the alternative name `` scalar product '' emphasizes that the result is a scalar, rather than a vector, as is the case for the vector product in three-dimensional space.",A vector
what channel is shortland street on in australia,"In Australia, it airs on Foxtel's Arena channel weekdays at 11.30 am. Episodes are six weeks behind New Zealand. Free - to - air digital channel TWO was airing episodes about three years behind however no longer airs episodes as of August 2015. Previous Australian broadcasters include : ABC 2010 -- 2011, UTV 1997 -- 2000, and SBS TV briefly between 1994 -- 1995.",Foxtel's Arena
who played faramir in the lord of the rings,"David Wen ham (born 21 September 1965) is an Australian actor who has appeared in movies, television series and theater productions. He is known in Hollywood for his roles as Farmer in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, Carl in Van Helsing, Dildos in 300 and its sequel 300 : Rise of an Empire, Neil Fletcher in Australia, Al Parker in Top of the Lake, and Lieutenant John Scar field in Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Men Tell No Tales. He is also known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in Exchange.",David Wen ham
where is national open university located in abuja,"In 2011, NOUN had about 57,759 students. The Vice Chancellor at the time was Prof. Vincent Tenure. The university was for years operating from its Administrative Headquarters in Victoria Island, Lagos, before its current VC, Professor Abdallah UBA Adam, moved it to its permanent headquarters in Jab, Abuja, in 2016. It has over 75 Study Centers throughout the country. It offers over 50 programs and 750 courses.",Jab
who wrote the song do you know where you're going to,"`` Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To) '' is a song written by Michael Master and Gerald Coffin, and initially recorded by American singer Thelma Houston in 1973, and then most notably by Diana Ross as the theme to the 1975 Motown / Paramount film Mahogany.","Michael Master, Gerald Coffin"
who played blair in the facts of life,"Lisa Diane Whether (born May 29, 1963) is an American actress, singer, songwriter, author, and public speaker. She is known for her appearances as a Musketeer on The New Mickey Mouse Club and her nine - year role as the preppy and wealthy Blair Warner on The Facts of Life. In 1984, she was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Inspirational Performance for her contemporary Christian album, All Because of You. Since 2009, she has been a regular speaker with Women of Faith Christian conferences. In 2012, Whether participated as a contestant on the CBS competitive reality series Survivor : Philippines and tied for second place. She was also voted fan favorite and was awarded $100,000.",Lisa Diane Whether
how many indian reservations are in the us,"An Indian reservation is a legal designation for an area of land managed by a federally recognized Native American tribe under the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs rather than the state governments of the United States in which they are physically located. Each of the 326 Indian reservations in the United States is associated with a particular Native American nation. Not all the country's 567 recognized tribes have a reservation -- some tribes have more than one reservation, while some share reservations. In addition, because of past land allotments, leading to some sales to non-Native Americans, some reservations are severely fragmented, with each piece of tribal, individual, and privately held land being a separate enclave. This jumble of private and public real estate creates significant administrative, political, and legal difficulties.",326 Indian reservations in the United States
commonly used as a preservative for tissue specimens,"By far the most commonly used fixative in histology is formaldehyde. It is usually used as a 10 % neutral buffered formalin (NBF) , that is approx. . % -. % formaldehyde in phosphate - buffered saline. Because formaldehyde is a gas at room temperature, formalin - formaldehyde gas dissolved in water (~ 37 % w / v) is used when making the former fixative. Para formaldehyde is a polymerized form of formaldehyde, usually obtained as a fine white powder, which depolymerizes back to formalin when heated. Formaldehyde fixes tissue by cross-linking the proteins, primarily the residues of the basic amino acid lysine. Its effects are reversible by excess water, and it avoids formalin pigmentation. Other benefits include : Long term storage and good tissue penetration. It is particularly good for immunohistochemistry techniques. Also, the formaldehyde vapor can be used as a fixative for cell smears.",formaldehyde
which olsen twin was in full house more,"The production team behind Full House did not want people to know that Michelle was played by a set of twins, so the girls were credited as `` Mary - Kate Ashley Olsen '' for most of the show's run (making it appear as if a single actress had the first name Mary - Kate and the middle name Ashley) . Although the two were credited separately as `` Mary - Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen '' during the closing credits in the series' first season (they were not officially added to the opening title sequence until season two but were credited in the syndicated versions of the season one opening titles) , it was not until the eighth and final season that the twins were credited as `` Mary - Kate and Ashley Olsen '' in the opening titles. Despite the fact that the Olsen's are fraternal twins, their physical appearances were nonetheless similar enough so that few could tell the difference between the two over the course of the show's run. In season one, Mary - Kate was used more often due to the fact Ashley cried when she was put on set for a scene.",Mary - Kate
why was virginia capital moved from williamsburg to richmond,"The Capitol at Williamsburg served until the American Revolutionary War began, when Governor Thomas Jefferson urged it that the capital be relocated to Richmond. The building was last used as a capitol on December 24, 1779, when the Virginia General Assembly adjourned to reconvene in 1780 at the new capital, Richmond.",Governor Thomas Jefferson urged it that the capital be relocated to Richmond
who wrote i hold on by dierks bentley,"`` I Hold On '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Dirks Bentley. It was released in August 2013 as the second single from his seventh studio album, Riser. Bentley wrote the song with Brett James.",Bentley wrote the song with Brett James
when was journey to the center of the earth made,"Journey to the Center of the Earth (French : Voyage Au center de la Terry, also translated under the titles A Journey to the Center of the Earth and A Journey to the Interior of the Earth) is an 1864 science fiction novel by Jules Verne. The story involves German professor Otto Lidenbrock who believes there are volcanic tubes going toward the center of the Earth. He, his nephew Axel, and their guide Hans descend into the Icelandic volcano Snæfellsjökull, encountering many adventures, including prehistoric animals and natural hazards, before eventually coming to the surface again in southern Italy, at the Stromboli volcano.",1864
who sang been through the desert on a horse with no name,"`` A Horse with No Name '' is a song written by Dewey Bonnell, and originally recorded by the folk rock band America. It was the band's first and most successful single, released in late - 1971 in Europe and early - 1972 in the US, and topped the charts in several countries. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.",The folk rock band America
who plays the headteacher in st trinians 2,"Rupert Everett as Miss Camilla Data Britton, Archibald Britton, and Reverend Fortune Britton",Rupert Everett
where is big bang theory supposed to take place,"The show is primarily centered on five characters living in Pasadena, California : Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper, both physicists at Caltech, who share an apartment ; Penny, a waitress and aspiring actress who later becomes a pharmaceutical representative and who lives across the hall ; and Leonard and Sheldon's similarly geeky and socially awkward friends and co-workers, aerospace engineer Howard Horowitz and astrophysicist Raj Koothrappali. The meekness and intellect of the four men are contrasted for comic effect with Penny's social skills and common sense.","Pasadena, California"
when did the us start using the electoral college,"For 1789, the first Wednesday in February next be the day for the Electors to assemble in their respective States and vote for a President from Resolution of 13 September 1788 by the Confederation (Continental) Congress. For 1792 through 1884, the Electors shall meet and give their votes on the first Wednesday in December from Stat. 239, Section. For 1889 through 1933, the Electors of each State shall meet and give their votes on the second Monday in January next following their appointment from 24 Stat. 373, Section. For 1936 to the present, the Electors of President and Vice President of each State shall meet and give their votes on the first Monday after the second Wednesday in December next following their appointment from 62 Stat. 673, now codified as United States Code : Title, Section (USC) .","1789, The first Wednesday in February"
where did the laurel yanni clip come from,"The mixed re-recording was created by students who played the sound of the word `` laurel '' (a laurel wreath) , while re-recording the playback amid background noise in the room. The audio clip of the main word `` laurel '' originated in 2007 from a recording of Jay Aubrey Jones, an opera singer, who spoke the word `` laurel '' as one of 200,000 reference pronunciations produced and published by vocabulary.com in 2007. The clip was made at Jones' home using a laptop and microphone, with surrounding foam to help soundproof the recording.","Students who played the sound of the word `` laurel '' (a laurel wreath), While re-recording the playback amid background noise in the room"
oil painting has been the medium of choice for painter since,"Early works were still panel paintings on wood, but around the end of the 15th century canvas became more popular as the support, as it was cheaper, easier to transport, allowed larger works, and did not require complicated preliminary layers of Esso (a fine type of plaster) . Venice, where sail - canvas was easily available, was a leader in the move to canvas. Small cabinet paintings were also made on metal, especially copper plates. These supports were more expensive but very firm, allowing intricately fine detail. Often printing plates from printmaking were reused for this purpose. The popularity of oil spread through Italy from the North, starting in Venice in the late 15th century. By 1540, the previous method for painting on panel (tempera) had become all but extinct, although Italians continued to use chalk - based fresco for wall paintings, which was less successful and durable in damper northern climates.",The late 15th century
who played cindy lou who in the grinch stole christmas,"Taylor Michel Mom sen (born July 26, 1993) is an American singer, songwriter, former actress, and model. She is known for being the lead singer and frontwoman of the American rock band The Pretty Reckless. She is also known for portraying the character of Jenny Humphrey on the CW teen drama series Gossip Girl (2007 -- 2012) and Cindy Lou Who in the film Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000) .",Taylor Michel Mom sen
who played bass on barney miller theme song,"The show's instrumental jazz fusion theme music, written by Jack Elliott and Allyn Ferguson, opens with a distinctive bass line performed by studio musician Chuck Performer. The bass line was improvised by Performer at the request of producer Dominik Mauser : `` Can you do something on the bass ? This guy is a cop in New York. Can we just start it out with the bass ? '' The theme song was ranked 23 and 27, respectively, by Complex and Paste magazines, in their lists of `` best TV theme songs ''.",Chuck Performer
which raja of chamba transferred the capital of his state from bharmaur to chamba,"Though historical records date the history of the Chamber region to the Eolian tribes in the ND century BC, the area was formally ruled by the Mary dynasty, starting with the AJU Mary from around 500 AD, ruling from the ancient capital of Barbour, which is located 75 kilometers (47 mi) from the town of Chamber. In 920, Raja Sail Barman (or Raja Sail Versa) shifted the capital of the kingdom to Chamber, following the specific request of his daughter Chapatti (Chamber was named after her) . From the time of AJU Mary, 67 Rojas of this dynasty have ruled over Chamber until it finally merged with the Indian Union in April 1948, although Chamber was under British suzerainty from 1846 to this time.",Raja Sail Barman (or Raja Sail Versa)
where is the masterchef kitchen located in melbourne 2017,"Mastered Australia is a Logic Award-winning Australian reality competitive cooking game show based on the original British Mastered. It is produced by Shine Australia and screens on Network Ten. Restaurateur and chef Gary Median, chef George Calamaris and food critic Matt Preston serve as the show's main judges. The show is premiered : 30pm every Sunday -- Thursday on Network Ten. The Mastered Australia Kitchen is located in Flemington, Melbourne.",Flemington
what's the highest minimum wage in the united states,"Beginning in January 2017, Massachusetts and Washington state have the highest minimum wages in the country, at $11.00 per hour. New York City's minimum wage will be $15.00 per hour by the end of 2018. There is a racial difference for support of a higher minimum wage with most black and Hispanic individuals supporting a $15.00 federal minimum wage, and 54 % of whites opposing it. In 2015, about percent of White, Asian, and Hispanic or Latino workers earned the federal minimum wage or less. Among Black workers, the percentage was about percent.",$11.00 per hour
when does between shades of gray take place,"Between Shades of Gray, a New York Times Bestseller, is the debut novel of American novelist Ruth Septets. It follows the Stalinist repressions of the mid-20th century and follows the life of Lina as she is deported from her native Lithuania with her mother and younger brother and the journey they take to a labor - camp in Siberia. It was nominated for the 2012 CLIP Carnegie Medal and has been translated into more than 27 languages.",Mid-20th century
how many parts does chronicles of narnia have,"The Chronicles of Narnia are a series of films based on The Chronicles of Narnia, a series of novels by C.S. Lewis. From the seven novels, there have been three film adaptations so far -- The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (2005) , Prince Caspian (2008) and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (2010) -- which have grossed over $. a billion worldwide among them.",seven
where does funding for the military come from,"The U.S. Department of Defense budget accounted in fiscal year 2010 for about 19 % of the United States federal budgeted expenditures and 28 % of estimated tax revenues. Including non-DOD expenditures, military spending was approximately 28 -- 38 % of budgeted expenditures and 42 -- 57 % of estimated tax revenues. According to the Congressional Budget Office, defense spending grew % annually on average from fiscal year 2000 -- 2009.",Tax revenues
who is the founder of alex and ani,"Carolyn Rafaela (born 1966 / 67) is an American - Armenian entrepreneur and businesswoman. She is the founder of the accessories and jewelry company Alex and ANI, and the owner of the Court of Newport and Carolyn's Sonnet Vineyards.",Carolyn Rafaela
who wrote between the devil and the deep blue sea,"`` Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea '' is an American popular song published in 1932, with music by Harold Allen and lyrics by Ted Kohler, and first recorded by Cab Calloway in 1931. It was introduced in the 1931 Cotton Club show Rhythmic and is now a widely recorded standard.","Music by Harold Allen, Lyrics by Ted Kohler"
how many miles out is considered international waters,"Territorial waters or a territorial sea, as defined by the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, is a belt of coastal waters extending at most 12 nautical miles (22. Km ; 13. me) from the baseline (usually the mean low - watermark) of a coastal state. The territorial sea is regarded as the sovereign territory of the state, although foreign ships (civilian) are allowed innocent passage through it, or transit passage for straits ; this sovereignty also extends to the airspace over and seabed below. Adjustment of these boundaries is called, in international law, maritime delimitation.",12 nautical miles
what season does burke come back in grey's anatomy,"While mentioned in passing throughout later seasons, Burke officially returns in the tenth season in order to conclude Cristina Yang's departure from the series.",In the tenth season
who sings this is the end of the innocence,"`` The End of the Innocence '' is the lead single and title track from Don Henley's third solo studio album of the same name, released in 1989. Henley co-wrote and co-produced the song with Bruce Horns by, who also performed piano ; both artists perform the song live in their respective concerts. Henley's version peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his fifth solo top ten hit on the chart. `` The End of the Innocence '' also became his fourth number - one single on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and peaked at number two on the Hot Adult Contemporary chart. The song features Wayne Shorter on saxophone.",Don Henley
what is gecko's name on pj masks,"Greg / Gecko (voiced by Kyle Harrison Breitkopf) is a green-eyed, blonde haired boy. When he transforms he wears a green costume with a thick reptilian tail, fins on top of his head. His powers are, Super Gecko Camouflage to go invisible or blend into his surroundings, Super Gecko Muscles (aka Super Muscles) to lift heavy things, Super Lizard Grip to climb walls or anchor himself to stop vehicles, and Super Lizard Water Run to walk on water. He has exhibited enough strength to lift a mobile laboratory off the ground. His vehicle is the Gecko - Mobile, which is also a submersible vehicle which can travel underwater and also ride up & over buildings via land on tank treads which is slower than the Cat - Car. His vehicle is located in the bottom segment of the PJ Masks tower. The vehicle has abilities similar to him, with a `` Gecko - Mobile Camouflage '' letting it blend in with surroundings. His bedroom is on the second floor of a green - roofed green - doomed house next to Amaya's.",Greg
where does the young and the restless film,"Taped at CBS Television City, studios 41 and 43 in Hollywood since its debut on March 26, 1973, the show was packaged by the distribution company Columbia Pictures Television, which has now been replaced by Sony Pictures Television. The Young and the Restless originally aired as a half - hour series on CBS and was the first soap opera to focus on the visual aspects of production, creating `` a look that broke with the visual conventions of the genre. '' Similar to the radio serials that had preceded them, soap operas at the time primarily focused on dialogue, characters, and story, with details like sets as secondary concerns. The Young and the Restless stood out by using unique lighting techniques and camera angles, similar to Hollywood - style productions. The style of videotaping included using out - of - the - ordinary camera angles and many facial close-ups with bright lighting on the actors' faces. Convoy said he used lighting to create `` artistic effects ''. Those effects made the series look dark, shadowy, and moody. The Young and the Restless' look influenced the taping styles of other soap operas. When H. Wesley Kenney replaced Convoy as executive producer, he balanced the lighting of the scenes.","At CBS Television City, Studios 41 and 43 in Hollywood"
who played lady capulet in romeo and juliet 1996,"Diane Venora as Gloria Capulet, Juliet's mother",Diane Venora
who sang on don't leave me this way,"`` Don't Leave Me This Way '' is a song written by Kenneth Gamble, Leon Huff and Cary Gilbert. First charting as a hit for Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes featuring Teddy Undergrads, an act on Gamble & Huff's Philadelphia International label in 1975, `` Don't Leave Me This Way '' was later a huge disco hit for Motown artist Thelma Houston in 1977. The song was also a major hit for British group the Commands in 1986.","Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes, Thelma Houston, The Commands"
star trek next generation episode picard falls in love,"`` Lessons '' is the 19th episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation and was originally aired in the United States on April 1993, in broadcast syndication. Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Star fleet starship USS Enterprise - D. In `` Lessons '', Captain Picard's (Patrick Stewart) shared love of music with Lt. Commander Ella Daren (Wendy Hughes) leads to romance, resulting in conflicting emotions on his behalf. After incorrectly believing her to have died, he realizes that he is incapable of carrying out a relationship with someone under his command.",The 19th episode of the sixth season
what kind of currency is used in australia,"The Australian dollar (sign : $ ; code : AUD) is the currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, including its external territories Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, and Norfolk Island, as well as the independent Pacific Island states of Kiribati, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu. Within Australia, it is almost always abbreviated with the dollar sign ($) , with A $ or AU $ sometimes used to distinguish it from other dollar - denominated currencies. It is subdivided into 100 cents.",The Australian dollar (sign : $ ; code : AUD)
who plays william conway in house of cards,"Charles Joel Nordstrom Cinnamon (born 25 November 1979) is a Swedish American actor, best known in Sweden for playing the lead role in the Swedish film Easy Money, a role that earned him a Gulbarga Award in the `` Best Actor '' category, and also for his roles as Frank Wagner in the Johan Fall film series and Governor Will Conway in the U.S. version of House of Cards. He starred as detective Stephen Holder on AMC's The Killing, and played Alex Murphy in the 2014 RoboCop remake, and Rick Flag in the film adaptation of Suicide Squad (2016) , based on the DC Comics anti-hero team of the same name.",Charles Joel Nordstrom Cinnamon
who is the donor in power of attorney,"A power of attorney (POA) or letter of attorney is a written authorization to represent or act on another's behalf in private affairs, business, or some other legal matter. The person authorizing the other to act is the principal, granter, or donor (of the power) . The one authorized to act is the agent or, in some common law jurisdictions, the attorney - in - fact.",The person authorizing the other to act
who played enos on the dukes of hazzard,"Otis Burt `` Sonny '' Shorter, Jr. (born August 28, 1935) is an American actor who has appeared in various television and movie roles. He is known for his role as Deputy Sheriff Enos State in the television series The Dukes of Hazard. He also starred in a spin - off called Enos based on his Dukes of Hazard character. Shorter is married and has two sons, Chris and Mark.","`` Sonny '' Shorter, Jr."
who wrote the song scars to your beautiful,"`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album, Know - It - All (2015) . It was released to Top 40 radio on July 26, 2016, as the third single from the album. It peaked at number eight and thus became Alessia Cara's second top - ten single on US Billboard Hot 100. The song was written by Cara, Warren Elder, Coleridge Tillman, and Andrew Hansel, with the production being handled by Elder, Tillman, and Hansel.",Alessia Cara
where was the first police laboratory established in the us,"The Los Angeles Police Department founded the first crime laboratory in the United States (1923) , followed by the Bureau of Investigation (1926) , forerunner to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (Every Contact Leaves a Trace, Connie Fletcher, St. Martin's Press, New York, 2006, interview with crime lab director)",Los Angeles Police Department
how many championships does the pac 12 have,"The following is a list of current PAC - 12 Conference members' NCAA and AAAW championships. Current PAC - 12 members have won 500 NCAA national championships (As of May 31, 2017) becoming the first conference to win 500 team titles, which is 193 more than the next closest conference, The Big Ten. Since the 1999 - 2000 academic year, the PAC - 12 claims a total of 150 NCAA team titles, including 10 in 2013 - 2014. They have also led or tied the nation in NCAA Championships in 48 of the last 54 years, the only exceptions being in 1980 - 81, 1988 - 89, 1990 - 91 and 1995 - 96 when the conference finished second, and finished third in 1998 - 99 and 2004 - 2005.",500
when does the indian budget come into effect,"The Union Budget of India, also referred to as the Annual Financial Statement in the Article 112 of the Constitution of India, is the annual budget of the Republic of India. The Government presents it on the first day of February so that it could be materialized before the commencement of new financial year in April. Till 2016, it was presented on the last working day of February by the Finance Minister of India in Parliament. The budget, which is presented by means of the Finance bill and the Appropriation bill has to be passed by both the Houses before it can come into effect from April, the start of India's financial year.",April
when did dont look back in anger come out,"`` Don't Look Back in Anger '' is a song by the English rock band Oasis. It was released on 19 February 1996 as the fifth single from their second studio album, (What's the Story) Morning Glory ? (1995) . The song was written by the band's guitarist and main songwriter, Noel Gallagher. It became the band's second single to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart, where it also went platinum. `` Don't Look Back in Anger '' was also the first Oasis single with lead vocals by Noel (who had previously only sung lead on B - sides) instead of his brother, Liam.",19 February 1996
who appoints the chairman of the federal reserve,"The chair is chosen by the President of the United States from among the members of the Board of Governors ; and serves for four - year - terms after appointment. A chair may be appointed for several consecutive terms. William Martin was the longest serving chair, holding the position from 1951 to 1970.",President of the United States
where is palm beach florida located on the map,"The Town of Palm Beach is an incorporated town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the neighboring cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth. In 2000, Palm Beach had a year - round population of 10,468, with an estimated seasonal population of 30,000.","Palm Beach County, Florida, United States"
where did the name quarter horse come from,"The American Quarter Horse, or Quarter Horse, is an American breed of horse that excels at sprinting short distances. Its name came from its ability to outdistance other horse breeds in races of a quarter mile or less ; some have been clocked at speeds up to 55 mph (88. Km / h) . The American Quarter Horse is the most popular breed in the United States today, and the American Quarter Horse Association is the largest breed registry in the world, with almost million living American Quarter Horses registered in 2014.",Its ability to outdistance other horse breeds in races of a quarter mile or less
when did the ballast water management convention entry into force,"The International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships' Ballast Water and Sediments (Ballast Water Management Convention) 2004, is an international maritime treaty which requires Signatory flag states to ensure that ships flagged by them comply with standards and procedures for the management and control of ships' ballast water and sediments. The Convention aims to prevent the spread of harmful aquatic organisms from one region to another and halt damage to the marine environment from ballast water discharge, by minimizing the uptake and subsequent discharge of sediments and organisms. From 2024 all ships are required to have approved Ballast Water Management Treatment System, according to the D standard (see below) . Existing ships are required to install an approved system, which may cost up to a million USD per ship to install. To assist with implementation the IMO has released 14 Guidance documents in regard to the Convention including the G Guidelines for Ballast Water Sampling, G Guidelines for Ballast Water management and G Guidelines for Ballast Water Exchange.",From 2024
who sings the song it never rains in southern california,"`` It Never Rains in Southern California '', written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazelwood, is a song first released by Hammond, a British-born singer-songwriter, in 1972. Instrumental backing was provided by L.A. session musicians from the Wrecking Crew. The song is from his album, It Never Rains in Southern California. Hammond's version peaked at number five on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 that year.",Hammond
when did the referendum occur and in what states,"The Australian referendum of 27 May 1967, called by the Holt Government, approved two amendments to the Australian constitution relating to Indigenous Australians. Technically it was a vote on the Constitution Alteration (Aboriginals) 1967, which became law on 10 August 1967 following the results of the referendum. The amendments were overwhelmingly endorsed, winning 90.77 % of votes cast and carrying in all six states. These amendments altered sections 51 (xxvi) , and 127, having the immediate effect of including Aboriginal Australians in determinations of population, and also empowered the Federal Parliament to legislate specifically for this racial group. The other question put in the referendum, to allow the number of seats in the House of Representatives to be increased without increasing the number of senators, was rejected. It received majority support in only one state -- New South Wales -- and received about 40.25 % `` yes '' votes nationwide.","27 May 1967, Six states"
most exotic species are introduced into a new environment accidentally as a result of,"Unintentional introductions occur when species are transported by human vectors. Increasing rates of human travel are providing accelerating opportunities for species to be accidentally transported into areas in which they are not considered native. For example, three species of rat (the black, Norway and Polynesian) have spread to most of the world as hitchhikers on ships. There are also numerous examples of marine organisms being transported in ballast water, one being the zebra mussel. Over 200 species have been introduced to the San Francisco Bay in this manner making it the most heavily invaded estuary in the world. There is also the accidental release of the Africanized honey bees (AHB) , known colloquially as `` killer bees '' or Africanized bee to Brazil in 1957 and the Asian carps to the United States. The insect commonly known as the brown armored stink bug (Allomorph halls) was introduced accidentally in Pennsylvania. Another form of unintentional introductions is when an intentionally introduced plant carries a parasite or herbivore with it. Some become invasive, for example the oleander aphid, accidentally introduced with the ornamental plant, oleander.",Human travel
what college newspaper refers to itself as the oldest college newspaper in michigan,"The Collegian is the oldest college newspaper in Michigan. The paper's history traces back to 1878, when the Hillsdale Herald was first published. The administration started The Collegian in 1893 as a rival paper to the Herald.",The Collegian
when you combine an egg with the material in pollen you get,"Once a pollen grain settles on a compatible pistil, it may germinate in response to a sugary fluid secreted by the mature stigma of certain plants. Lipids at the surface of the stigma may also stimulate pollen tube growth for compatible pollen. Plants that are self - sterile often inhibit the pollen grains from their own flowers from growing pollen tubes. The presence of multiple grains of pollen has been observed to stimulate quicker pollen tube growth in some plants. The vegetative cell then produces the pollen tube, a tubular protrusion from the pollen grain, which carries the sperm cells within its cytoplasm. The sperm cells are the male gametes that will join with the egg cell and the central cell in double fertilization.",Double fertilization
who founded the hindu balika vidyalaya in calcutta,"Hindu Manila Himalaya (School for Hindu Women) was a boarding school located at 22 Beniapukur Lane, Mentally, Kolkata, India, founded by Annette Abroad The school made a break with the idea of a less taxing curriculum for girls, and provided the same kind of learning for its students as was available for boys. Sources record different dates for the establishment of the school. While Yogesh C. Basal, records the date of establishment as 18 November 1873 David Knopf mentions it as 18 September 1873.",Annette Abroad
the island that canada and denmark fight over,`` Google fight '' or `` Google war '' is the name given to a number of advertisements on the Internet search engine Google which promoted either Danish or Canadian sovereignty over Hans Island.,Hans Island
the pin valley national park (pvnp) is located in which state,"Pin Valley National Park is a National park of India located within the Lahaul and Spite district, in the state of Himachal Pradesh, in far Northern India.",Himachal Pradesh
what is the distance to space from earth,"Outer space does not begin at a definite altitude above the Earth's surface. However, the Kármán line, at an altitude of 100 km (62 mi) above sea level, is conventionally used as the start of outer space in space treaties and for aerospace records keeping. The framework for international space law was established by the Outer Space Treaty, which entered into force on 10 October 1967. This treaty precludes any claims of national sovereignty and permits all states to freely explore outer space. Despite the drafting of UN resolutions for the peaceful uses of outer space, anti-satellite weapons have been tested in Earth orbit.",100 km (62 mi) above sea level
toms name in the first tom and jerry cartoon,"Tom (named `` Jasper '' in his debut appearance) is a gray and white domestic short hair cat. (`` Tom '' is a generic name for a male cat. ) He is usually but not always, portrayed as living a comfortable, or even pampered life, while Jerry (named `` Jinx '' in his debut appearance) is a small, brown, house mouse who always lives in proximity to Tom. Despite being very energetic, determined and much larger, Tom is no match for Jerry's wits. Jerry also possesses surprising strength for his size, approximately the equivalent of Tom's, lifting items such as anvils with relative ease and withstanding considerable impacts. Although cats typically chase mice to eat them, it is quite rare for Tom to actually try to eat Jerry. Most of his attempts are just to torment or humiliate Jerry, sometimes in revenge, and sometimes to obtain a reward from a human for catching Jerry. By the final `` fade - out '' of each cartoon, Jerry usually emerges triumphant, while Tom is shown as the loser.",Jasper
skin loss that is confined to epidermal tissue is called a,"Erosion : An erosion is a discontinuity of the skin exhibiting incomplete loss of the epidermis, a lesion that is moist, circumscribed, and usually depressed.",Erosion
who sang the song do wah diddy diddy dum diddy do,"`` Do Was Diddy '' is a song written by Jeff Barry and Ellie Greenwich and originally recorded in 1963, as `` Do - Was - Daddy '', by the American vocal group The Exciters made internationally famous by a version by the British band Manfred Mann.","The Exciters, Manfred Mann"
where are the words to the hail mary found in the bible,"The second passage is taken from Elizabeth's greeting to Mary in Luke : 42, `` Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. '' Taken together, these two passages are the two times Mary is greeted in Chapter of Luke.",Chapter of Luke
when is season 6 of wentworth coming out,"The sixth season of television drama series Wentworth premiered on Showcase in Australia on 19 June 2018. It is executive produced by FremantleMedia's Director of Drama, Jo Porter. The season will comprise 12 episodes. The sixth season picks up just days after the escape of Frank Doyle and Joan Ferguson. This season will introduce three new characters portrayed by Leah Purcell, Susie Porter and Narrowly Hick.",19 June 2018
where does the last name gaspar come from,"Gaspar is a given and / or surname of French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish origin that could refer to :","French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Portuguese, And Spanish origin"
when did the us involvement in vietnam end,"The Vietnam War (Vietnamese : Chief trans View Nam) , also known as the Second Indochina War, and known in Vietnam as the Resistance War Against America (Vietnamese : Khan chief Chong My) or simply the American War, was a war that occurred in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia from November 1955 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975. It was the second of the Indochina Wars and was officially fought between North Vietnam and the government of South Vietnam. The North Vietnamese army was supported by the Soviet Union, China and other communist allies and the South Vietnamese army was supported by the United States, South Korea, Australia, Thailand and other anti-communist allies. The war is therefore considered a Cold War - era proxy war.",30 April 1975
when was the first looping roller coaster and what was wrong with it,"The first inversion in roller coaster history was part of the Centrifugal Railway of Paris, France, built in 1848. It consisted of a 43 - foot (13 - meter) sloping track leading into a nearly circular vertical loop 13 feet (. m) in diameter. During the early 1900s, many rides including vertical loops appeared around the world. These early loops had a major design flaw : the circular structure produced intense g - forces (hereafter `` Gs '') . The Flip Flap Railway, designed by Lina Beecher and built in 1895 on Coney Island of Brooklyn, United States, had a 25 - foot circular loop at the end which though initially popular caused some discomfort in passenger's necks, and the ride soon closed. Loop the Loop, another looping coaster, was built later in Coney Island as well. This time the loops were slightly oval - shaped rather than circular, though not clothed in shape like modern loops. Although the ride was safe, it had a low capacity, loading four people every five minutes (48 people per hour, compared to 1800 riders per hour on Corkscrew, an early modern coaster that opened in 1976) , and was poorly received after the discomfort of the Flip Flap Railway. As their novelty wore off and their dangerous reputation spread, compounded with the developing Great Depression, the early looping coasters faded and disappeared.","1848, Intense g - forces (hereafter `` Gs '')"
after what season was the x files movie,"The film takes place between seasons five (episode `` The End '') and six (episode `` The Beginning '') of the television series, and is based upon the series' extraterrestrial mythology. The story follows agents Mulder and Sculls, removed from their usual jobs on the X-Files, and investigating the bombing of a building and the destruction of criminal evidence. They uncover what appears to be a government conspiracy attempting to hide the truth about an alien colonization of Earth.",Extraterrestrial mythology
who plays harold in captain underpants the movie,"In the city of Pique, Ohio, two fourth - grade friends and next - door neighbors named George Beard (Kevin Hart) and Harold Hutchins (Thomas Middle ditch) are the pranksters at their school, Jerome Horowitz Elementary School. They excessively prank the cruel teachers, with many of these pranks directed at their `` evil '' principal, Mr. Benjamin `` Benny '' Krupp (Ed Helms) , putting the two at odds with him. The duo also create comic books about a superhero named Captain Underpants, a character who has superpowers and wears underwear and a cape. They sell these to their schoolmates through a comic company called Treehouse Comic Inc., located in their treehouse. George and Harold's pranks come to an apparent end after they're caught tampering with a toilet invention, the Turbo Toilet 2000, made by the school's local snitch and intellectual, Melvin Needle (Jordan Peele) , on video. Because of this, Mr. Krupp has no choice but to annihilate their friendship by putting them into separate classes.",Thomas Middle ditch
who played david on one day at a time,"Ann Romano, a divorced mother, moves from their home in Logan sport, Indiana, to Indianapolis with her daughters, the rebellious Julie and the wisecracking Barbara. Ann frequently struggles with maintaining her role as mother while affording her daughters the freedom she never had as a young woman. Ann begins dating her divorce lawyer, David Kane (Richard Maser) . They become engaged and call it off on their wedding day, when David says he wants kids, but Ann does not. Dwayne Schneider, the building's quirky superintendent (most often referred to only by his last name) , usually provides unwanted advice to the tenants.",Richard Maser
who plays jackie in it's always sunny,"Jessica Collins (born Jessica Lynn Capone ; April 1971) is an American actress. She is best known for portraying Dinah Lee Mayberry on the ABC soap opera Loving (1991 -- 1994) and Avery Bailey Clark on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless (2011 -- 2015) . She also starred as Meredith Davies on Fox's True Calling, and appeared in recurring and guest roles in many other shows.",Jessica Collins
who becomes badnaam for her darling according to the song in dabangg,Malika Aurora as Sunni in the item number `` Sunni Bantam Hui '',Malika Aurora
who wrote if loving you is wrong i don't want to be right,"`` (If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want to Be Right '' is a song written by Star Records songwriters Homer Banks, Carl Hampton and Raymond Jackson. Originally written for The Emotions, it has been performed by many singers, most notably by Luther Ingram, whose original recorded version topped the R&B chart for four weeks and rose to number three on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1972. Billboard ranked it as the No. 16 song for 1972.","Homer Banks, Carl Hampton, Raymond Jackson"
who sang relight my fire before take that,"`` Relight My Fire '' is a popular song which was written and released by Dan Hartman in 1979, when it topped the US dance music charts for six weeks. It was also performed by Costa Panagiotis' band Café Society in 1984 and British boy band Take That (with Lulu in a featured role) in 1993.",Dan Hartman
how far do honey bees travel from their hive,"As a rule of thumb the foraging area around a beehive extends for two miles (km) , although bees have been observed foraging twice and three times this distance from the hive. Experiments have shown that beehives within miles of a food source will gain weight, but beyond that the energy expended is greater than that gained during the foraging flight. Foraging at extreme distances wears out the wings of individual bees, reduces the life expectancy of foraging bees and therefore the efficiency of the colony. The minimum temperature for active honeybee foraging is approximately 55 °F (13 °C) . Full foraging activity is not achieved until the temperature rises to 66 °F (19 °C) . There are small differences in the races of the Western honey bees at what temperature they will start foraging.",miles
when did new york giants move to san francisco,"The San Francisco Giants are an American professional baseball team based in San Francisco, California. Founded in 1883 as the New York Gotham's, and renamed three years later the New York Giants, the team eventually moved to San Francisco in 1958. The Giants compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the National League (NL) West division.",1958
when does tekken 7 come out in america,"Taken (鉄拳) is a fighting game developed and published by Banzai NAMC Entertainment. The game is the ninth installment in the Taken series, and the first to make use of the Unreal Engine. Taken had a limited arcade release in Japan in March 2015. An updated arcade version, Taken : Fated Retribution, was released in Japan in July 2016, and features expanded content including new stages, costumes, items and characters. The same version was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation and Xbox One in June 2017.",June 2017
why did zeus turned io into a cow,"Io was a priestess of the Goddess Hera in Argos, whose cult her father Inches was supposed to have introduced to Argos. Zeus noticed Io, a mortal woman, and lusted after her. In the version of the myth told in Prometheus Bound she initially rejected Zeus' advances, until her father threw her out of his house on the advice of oracles. According to some stories, Zeus then turned Io into a heifer in order to hide her from his wife ; others maintain that Hera herself transformed Io.",In order to hide her from his wife
when did the olympics start every 2 years,"The original five Winter Olympics sports (broken into nine disciplines) where bobsleighed, curling, ice hockey, Nordic skiing (consisting of the disciplines military patrol, cross-country skiing, Nordic combined, and ski jumping) , and skating (consisting of the disciplines figure skating and speed skating) . The Games were held every four years from 1924 to 1936, interrupted in 1940 and 1944 by World War II, and resumed in 1948. Until 1992 the Winter and Summer Olympic Games were held in the same years, but in accordance with a 1986 decision by the IOC to place the Summer and Winter Games on separate four - year cycles in alternating even - numbered years, the next Winter Olympics after 1992 was in 1994.",1994
what are the top 5 languages spoken in the us,"English only -- 237. a million Spanish -- 40. a million Chinese (including Mandarin and Cantonese) --. a million Tagalog (including Filipino) --. a million Vietnamese --. a million Arabic --. a million French --. a million Korean --. a million Russian -- .91 million German -- .91 million Haitian Creoles -- .86 million Hindi -- .81 million Portuguese -- .77 million Italian -- .58 million Polish -- .54 million Urdu -- .47 million Japanese -- .46 million Persian (including Farsi and Dark) -- .44 million Gujarati -- .41 million Telugu -- .37 million Bengali -- .32 million Tai -- Kauai (including Thai and Lao) -- .31 million Greek -- .29 million Punjabi -- .29 million Tamil -- .27 million Armenian -- .24 million Serb - Croatian (including Bosnian, Croatian, Montenegrin, and Serbian) -- .24 million Hebrew -- .23 million Hmong -- .22 million Bantu (including Swahili) -- .22 million Khmer -- .20 million Navajoes -- .16 million","English, Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, Vietnamese"
who is on the back of a £5 note,"The Bank of England £ note, also known as a fiver, is a banknote of the pound sterling. It is the smallest denomination of banknote issued by the Bank of England. In September 2016, a new polymer note was introduced, featuring the image of Queen Elizabeth II on the obverse and a portrait of Winston Churchill on the reverse. The old paper note, first issued in 2002 and bearing the image of prison reformer Elizabeth Fry on the reverse, was phased out and ceased to be legal tender after May 2017.",Winston Churchill
what year saw the formation of the brazilian republic,"On November 15, 1889, Marshal Door the Fonseca deposed Emperor DOM Pedro II, declared Brazil a republic, and reorganized the government.",1889
who has the highest batting average in baseball today,"The last player to bat. 400 in a season, Ted Williams, ranks tied for seventh on the all - time career BA list. Babe Ruth hit for a career. 342 average and is tied for ninth on the list. Miguel Cabrera holds the highest career batting average among active players.",Miguel Cabrera
who wrote i don't wanna live forever,"`` I Don't Want to Live Forever '', alternatively titled `` I Don't Want to Live Forever (Fifty Shades Darker) '', is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Zayn and American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for the soundtrack to the 2017 film Fifty Shades Darker. It was written by Swift, Sam Dew, and Jack Anton off and produced by Anton off. The single was released on December 2016, by Universal Music Group. The song's music video was released on January 27, 2017.","Taylor Swift, Sam Dew, Jack Anton off"
who plays the female detective in person of interest,"Jocelyn `` Joss '' Carter (played by Tarawa P. Henson) is a detective in the New York City Police Department (NYPD) TH Precinct Homicide Task Force. She is a single mother of one son, Taylor, whom she is close to. Formerly a Warrant Officer and an interrogator in the U.S. Army, she did two tours of duty, one in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. She passed the bar examination in 2004, but gave up practicing law to become a police officer. In 2005, she had graduated from the police academy and started working in the NYPD as a patrol officer. In 2008, she was promoted to a detective and since 2010 she has worked in the Homicide Task Force at the TH Precinct. Carter crossed paths with homeless John Reese (`` Pilot '') following his encounter with a group of young men on a New York City subway, but she later reconnects with him as the mysterious man in a suit. Carter is initially determined to apprehend Reese as a person of interest (a person not formally accused of a crime) even after Reese saves her and her son on separate occasions. However, when the CIA tries to assassinate Reese without due process, she gradually revises her views and starts helping Reese and Finch instead.",Tarawa P. Henson
which city is famous for its large cinco de mayo celebration,"In a 1998 study in the Journal of American Culture it was reported that there were more than 120 official US celebrations of Cinco de Mayo in 21 different states. An update in 2006 found that the number of official Cinco de Mayo events was 150 or more, according to José Amarillo, a professor of ethnic studies at Washington State University in Pullman, who has studied the cultural impact of Cinco de Mayo north of the border. Los Angeles' Fiesta Broadway has been billed as the largest Cinco de Mayo celebration in the world, which it most certainly was at its peak in the 1990s when it attracted crowds of 500,000 or more. In recent years attendance has seen a dramatic decrease.",Los Angeles
when did the movie knock knock come out,"Knock is a 2015 American erotic horror - thriller film directed by Eli Roth, who also co-wrote the script with Guillermo Amado and Nicolás López. The film stars Keanu Reeves, Lorenzo Izzy, and Ana de Armas. The film was released on October 2015, by Lions gate Premiere. Knock is a remake of the 1977 film Death Game, which was directed by Peter S. Tray nor and starred Sondra Locke and Colleen Camp. All three individuals had a hand in the production of Knock, while Camp also had a cameo in the newer film.",2015
who played miranda frost in die another day,"Rosamond Mary Ellen Pike (born 27 January 1979) is an English actress who began her acting career by appearing in stage productions such as Romeo and Juliet and Skylight. After her screen debut in the television film A Rather English Marriage (1998) and television roles in Wives and Daughters (1999) and Love in a Cold Climate (2001) , she received international recognition for her film debut as Bond girl Miranda Frost in Die Another Day (2002) , for which she received the Empire Award for Best Newcomer. Following her breakthrough, she won the FIFA Award for Best Supporting Actress for The Libertine (2004) and portrayed Jane Bennet in Pride & Prejudice (2005) .",Rosamond Mary Ellen Pike
what kind of engines are in nascar cars,"The cars are powered by EFI V engines with compacted graphite iron blocks and push rod valve train s actuating two - valves per cylinder, and are limited to 358 cubic inches' ( about. Liters) displacement. However, modern technology has allowed power outputs near 900 horsepower (670 kW) in unrestricted form while retaining the conventional basic engine design. In fact, before NASCAR instituted the gear rule, Cup engines were capable of operating more than 10,000 rpm. A NASCAR Cup Series engine with the maximum bore of .185 inches (106. Millimeters) and stroke of .25 inches (82.55 millimeters) at, 000 rpm has a mean piston speed of 80.44 fps (24.75 m / s) . Contemporary Cup engines run, 800 rpm, 87.59 fps (26.95 m / s) , at the road course events on Pocono Pennsylvania's long front stretch and at the. 526 - mile short - track Martinsville Speedway. At the backbone. - to. - mile tripodal tracks of NASCAR, the engines produce over 850 hp running 92 -- 9400 rpm for 500 miles, 600 mi for the Coca - Cola 600 Charlotte race.",EFI V
who wrote the song if i can only imagine,"`` I Can Only Imagine '' (sometimes shortened to `` Imagine '') is a single recorded by Christian rock band Mercy Me. Written and composed by lead vocalist Bart Millard, the song, based around a main piano track, was inspired by the death of Millard's father and considers what it would be like in Heaven and to be standing before God. The song was first issued as a track on MercyMe's 1999 album The Worship Project, which was released on an independent record label. The song was re-recorded and included on their 2001 major - label debut album Almost There as the fifth song on the album.",Bart Millard
actor who played rudy in the book thief,"Nico Louis Search (born 17 July 2000) is a German TV and film teen actor. He is mostly known for his role as Rudy Steiner in the 2013 film The Book Thief. He is also known for his work in the German television series Was is Gut where he played Phillip Green yard, a caveman without parents.",Nico Louis Search
who plays tom riddle in harry potter chamber of secrets,Christian Peter Colson (born October 1978) is an English actor best known for playing the 16 - year old Tom Marvel Riddle in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.,Christian Peter Colson
who is sabrina carpenter playing in the hate u give,"Sabrina Carpenter as Hailey, one of Starr's friends from her prep school.",Hailey
golden gate bridge facts when was it built,"The Frommer's travel guide describes the Golden Gate Bridge as `` possibly the most beautiful, certainly the most photographed, bridge in the world. '' At the time of its opening in 1937, it was both the longest and the tallest suspension bridge in the world, with a main span of, 200 feet (,280 m) and a total height of 746 feet (227 m) . Today, the Golden Gate Bridge is neither the longest nor the tallest in the world, but remains the tallest bridge in the United States.",1937
shock top belgian wheat is what style of beer,"Shock Top is a. % ABV Belgian - style wheat ale introduced under the name Spring Heat Spiced Wheat brewed in Fort Collins, Colorado as a seasonal beer in 2006, then all year from 2007. The beer is brewed with wheat malt, two - row barley, orange, lemon, lime peel, coriander and Cascade and Willamette hops. Entering as the Spring Heat Spiced Wheat, Shock Top Belgian White won gold and bronze medals in the Belgian Wit (White) category at the 2006 and 2007 North American Beer Awards, earning the reputation as America's Beer respectively. The brand now includes some seasonal and specialties that have replaced the Michelob Seasonal. Such varieties include Shock Top Pumpkin Wheat, Shock Top Raspberry Wheat, Shock Top Wheat IPA, Shock Top Lemon Shandy, Shock Top Honey crisp Apple Wheat, Shock Top Chocolate Wheat, Ginger Wheat, Pretzel Wheat and Shock Top End of the World Midnight Wheat. It competes directly with the Miller Coors brand Blue Moon.",ale
who sings shot through the heart and you're to blame,"`` You Give Love a Bad Name '' is a song by American rock band On Jodi, released as the first single from their 1986 album Slippery When Wet. Written by Jon On Jodi, Richie Samoa, and Desmond Child about a woman who has jilted her lover, the song reached No. on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 on November 29, 1986, and became the band's first number one hit. In 2007, the song reentered the charts at No. 29 after Blake Lewis performed it on American Idol. In 2009, it was named the 20th greatest hard rock song of all time by VH. Despite the lyrics of the chorus, the song should not be confused with `` Shot Through the Heart '', an unrelated song from On Jovi's 1984 self-titled debut album.",On Jodi
the focus of saakshar bharat programme is on,"It aims to recast India's National Literacy Mission to focus on literacy of women, which is expected to increase the literate population by 70 million adults, including 60 million women.",Literacy of women
who plays catherine on the haves and the have nots,"Renee Lawless - Rossini (born November 30, 1960) is an American actress and singer. She is currently starring as the bitter and distant matriarch, Katheryn Dryer, in the OWN drama series The Haves and the Have Not.",Renee Lawless - Rossini
what does the e stand for in 4l60e,"The TH700R was renamed `` L60 '' (RPO MD) following the new General Motors naming convention, when the electronic version, L60E (RPO M30) , was phased in. This happened in 1993 for trucks, vans, and SUVs, and 1994 for rear-wheel drive passenger cars. In 1996, a bolt - on bell housing was phased in (along with a six - bolt tail housing) for S - 10 Trucks and S - 10 Blazers and beginning in 1998 for all other applications. Beginning in 1998 a new 300 mm torque converter with improved higher - capacity internals, 300 mm style input shaft, and 300 mm style pump was also introduced on models coupled to a Gen III Small Block. The L60E is rated to handle up to 360 ft LBF (488 N m) of torque. It weighs 133 pounds without transmission fluid.",electronic
orange is the new black characters yoga lady,Constance Schulman (born April 1958) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for voicing Patti Mayonnaise on Doug and for her current role as Yoga Jones in Orange Is the New Black. Schulman originated the role of Anaelle in the first production of Steel Magnolias Off - Broadway.,Yoga Jones
when was the last time someone was executed by guillotine,"Haida Djandoubi (Arabic : حميدة جندوبي ‎ ; September 22, 1949 -- September 10, 1977) was a Tunisian agricultural worker and convicted murderer. He moved to Marseille, France, in 1968 and six years later he kidnapped, tortured and murdered 22 - year - old Élisabeth Bouquet, his former girlfriend. He was sentenced to death in February 1977 and executed in September that year. Furthermore, he was the last person to be executed in Western Europe and in the European Union and the last person legally executed by beheading in the Western world. Marcel Chevalier served as chief executioner.",Haida Djandoubi
who played anakin in revenge of the sith,"Hayden Christensen (born April 19, 1981) is a Canadian actor and producer. He began his career on Canadian television at the age of 13, then diversified into American television in the late 1990s. He was praised for his acting as Sam in Life as a House (2001) , earning Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. Christensen gained international fame for his portrayal of Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars : Episode II -- Attack of the Clones (2002) and Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith (2005) . His honors for these films include a nomination for the Saturn Award for Best Actor and the Cannes Film Festival Revelation Award.",Hayden Christensen
when is the first nfl football game in 2017,"The 2017 NFL season is the 98th and current season in the history of the National Football League (NFL) . The season began on September 2017, with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots 42 -- 27 in the NFL Kickoff Game. The season will conclude with Super Bowl LII, the league's championship game, on February 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota.","September, 2017"
sanford and son what was his wife's name,"According to Fred, his wife Elizabeth died around 1947. In a running gag in the series, during times of distress, Fred looks up (as to heaven) with his hand across his chest, faking a heart attack and saying, `` This is the big one, Elizabeth ! I'm coming to join ya honey. '' No one, however, falls for this transparent ruse. Fred raised Lamont alone and missed Elizabeth deeply. According to Fred, his son was named for Lamont Lorax, a pitcher from the Homestead Grays. In one episode, Lamont asks why he did not have a middle name ; Fred tells him that Lamont is his middle name : he and Elizabeth never came up with a first name. However, it was revealed in the third episode of the first season that Lamont was named `` Lamont Grady Sanford. ''",Elizabeth
where does the movie wedding crashers take place,"John Beck with (Owen Wilson) and Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) are divorce mediators in Washington D.C. who `` crash '' wedding parties to meet and bed women. At the end of a season of successful crashes, Jeremy takes John to a wedding for a daughter of the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, William Clara (Christopher Walken) . Once inside, the pair set their sights on Cleary's other daughters, Gloria (Islam Fisher) and Claire (Rachel McAdams) . Jeremy ends up having sex with Gloria on a nearby beach during the reception. Gloria is possessive and quickly becomes obsessed with Jeremy, and Jeremy urges John to escape the reception with him.",Washington D.C.
who plays nicky on blue bloods season 1,Sami Gayle as Nicole `` Nicky '' Reagan - Boyle,Sami Gayle
where is cabo san lucas located on the map,"Cab San Lucas (Spanish pronunciation : (Karo San Lukas) , Cape Saint Luke) , commonly called Cab in American English, is a city at the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula, in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. Cab San Lucas together with San José del Cab is known as Los Cabot.","At the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula, In the Mexican state of Baja California Sur"
who sang what have i done to deserve this,"`` What Have I Done to Deserve This ? '' is a song by English synth pop duo Pet Shop Boys, featuring singer Dusty Springfield.",English synth pop duo Pet Shop Boys
where did world trigger anime end in manga,"The manga was written and illustrated by Daisuke Ashikaga. Individual chapters have been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump since February 2013, and are collected into Rangoon volumes published by Squash. As of March 2017, eighteen volumes have been released in Japan. Viz Media has licensed the series. Due to health issues, on the part of the author, it was put on hiatus after the 50th issue of 2016. The series will return in issue 48 of Weekly Shōnen Jump on October 29, 2018, and will run until issue 52 on November 29, then it will be transferred to Jump Square on December.",The 50th issue of 2016
what was the purpose of the protective tariffs on european goods after the war of 1812,"The Tariff of 1816 (also known as the Dallas tariff) is notable as the first tariff passed by Congress with an explicit function of protecting U.S. manufactured items from overseas competition. Prior to the War of 1812, tariffs had primarily served to raise revenues to operate the national government. Another unique aspect of the tariff was the strong support it received from Northern states.",Protecting U.S. manufactured items from overseas competition
how many episodes of fullmetal alchemist brotherhood are there,"Full metal Alchemist : Brotherhood, known in Japan as Alchemist of Steel : Full metal Alchemist (鋼 の 錬金術 師 フルメタル アルケミスト, Pagan no Renkinjutsushi : Furumetaru Arukemisuto) , is the second independent anime adaptation developed by Bones from the Full metal Alchemist manga series by Hiram Alabama. Bashir Erie worked as director, and Hiroshi Yogi as writer. The series follows the story of two alchemist brothers, Edward and Alphonse Eric, who want to restore their bodies after a disastrous failed attempt to bring their mother back to life through alchemy. Unlike the first anime, which added original elements to the story, the second series follows the manga. The series comprises a total of 64 episodes and four original video animations.",64
hagia sophia is an example of which style of architecture,"Hagia Sophia (/ ˈhɑːɡiə soʊˈfiːə / ; from the Greek Αγία Σοφία, pronounced (Asia Sofia) , `` Holy Wisdom '' ; Latin : Santa Sophia or Santa Sapient ; Turkish : Ayasofya) is the former Greek Orthodox Christian patriarchal cathedral, later an Ottoman imperial mosque and now a museum (Ayasofya Mules) in Istanbul, Turkey. Built in 537 AD at the beginning of the Middle Ages, it was famous in particular for its massive dome. It was the world's largest building and an engineering marvel of its time. It is considered the epitome of Byzantine architecture and is said to have `` changed the history of architecture ''.",Byzantine
what did liverpool have to do with the slave trade,"The first wet dock in Britain was built in Liverpool and completed in 1715. It was the first commercial enclosed wet dock in the world and was constructed for a capacity of 100 ships. By the close of the 18th century 40 % of the world's, and 80 % of Britain's Atlantic slave activity was accounted for by slave ships that voyaged from the docks at Liverpool. Liverpool's black community dates from the building of the first dock in 1715 and grew rapidly, reaching a population of 10,000 within five years. This growth led to the opening of the Consulate of the United States in Liverpool in 1790, its first consulate anywhere in the world.","By the close of the 18th century 40 % of the world's, And 80 % of Britain's Atlantic slave activity was accounted for by slave ships that voyaged from the docks at Liverpool"
when did weed become legal for recreational use in colorado,"Cannabis in Colorado refers to cannabis (legal term marijuana) use and possession in Colorado, United States. The Colorado Amendment 64, which was passed by voters on November 2012, led to legalization in January 2014. The policy has led to cannabis tourism. There are two sets of policies in Colorado relating to cannabis use : those for medicinal cannabis and for recreational drug use along with a third set of rules governing hemp.",January 2014
how many goals have c ronaldo scored in his career,"Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro GOTH Comm (European Portuguese : (kɾiʃˈtjɐnu ʁoˈnaɫdu) ; born February 1985) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team. Often considered the best player in the world and widely regarded as one of the greatest of all time, Ronaldo has a record - tying five Ballon d'Or awards, the most for a European player, and is the first player to win four European Golden Shoes. He has won 26 trophies in his career, including five league titles, five UEFA Champions League titles and one UEFA European Championship. A prolific goalscorer, Ronaldo holds the records for most official goals scored in Europe's top - five leagues (395) , the UEFA Champions League (120) , the UEFA European Championship (), as well as those for most assists in the UEFA Champions League (34) and the UEFA European Championship (). He has scored over 670 senior career goals for club and country.",Over 670 senior career goals
who identified the authoritarian permissive and authoritative styles,"Diana Baum rind is a researcher who focused on the classification of parenting styles. Baumrind's research is known as `` Baumrind's Parenting Typology ''. In her research, she found what she considered to be the four basic elements that could help shape successful parenting : responsiveness vs. unresponsiveness and demanding vs. undemanding. Parental responsiveness refers to the degree to which the parent responds to the child's needs in a supportive and accepting manner. Through her studies Baum rind identified three initial parenting styles : Authoritative parenting, authoritarian parenting and permissive parenting. McCoy and Martin expanded upon Baumrind's three original parenting styles by placing parenting styles into two distinct categories : demanding and undemanding. With these distinctions, four new parenting styles were defined :",Diana Baum rind
when did the unbreakable kimmy schmidt come out,"Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is an American web television sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Warlock, starring Ellie Keeper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 2015. Originally set for a 13 - episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two - season order.","March, 2015"
where is the mexican little league team from,"The Perfect Game is a 2009 American drama film directed by William Dear, based on the 2008 book of the same name written by W. William Winker. The film is based on the events leading to the 1957 Little League World Series, which was won by the first team from outside the United States, the Industrial Little League of Monterrey, Mexico, who defeated the heavily favored U.S. team. Mexican pitcher Ángel Macias threw the first, and so far only, perfect game in championship game history.","Monterrey, Mexico"
who plays penny's boyfriend on big bang theory,"Brian Patrick Wade (born June 1978) is an American actor and physical trainer, best known for his television roles as Capt. Craig Scheme in the miniseries Generation Kill, as Kurt, Penny's former love interest, in The Big Bang Theory, and as the Alpha Werewolf Tennis on Teen Wolf.",Brian Patrick Wade
who played the original tarzan in the tv series,"Tarzan is a series that aired on NBC from 1966 -- 1968. The series portrayed Tarzan (played by Ron Fly) as a well-educated character who had grown tired of civilization, and returned to the jungle where he had been raised. It was filmed in Brazil. The production later relocated to Mexico. This series was set in the newly - independent Africa of the time.",Ron Fly
where do the bad witches live in the wizard of oz,"At the time of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, the lands in the North, South, East and West of Oz are each ruled by a Witch. The Witches of the North and South are good, while the Witches of the East and West are wicked. Linda (the Good Witch of the South) is later revealed to be the most powerful of the four, although later Oz books reveal that the Wicked Witch of the West was so powerful, even Linda feared her. After Dorothy's house crushes the Wicked Witch of the East, thereby liberating the Munchkins from bondage, the Good Witch of the North tells Dorothy that she (the Witch of the North) is not as powerful as the Wicked Witch of the East had been, or she would have freed the Munchkins herself.",East and West
when did the civil rights movement gain momentum,"The civil rights movement (also known as the African - American civil rights movement, American civil rights movement and other terms) was a decade - long movement with the goal of securing legal rights for African Americans that other Americans already held. With roots starting in the Reconstruction era during the late 19th century, the movement resulted in the largest legislative impacts after the direct actions and grassroots protests organized from the mid-1950s until 1968. Encompassing strategies, various groups, and organized social movements to accomplish the goals of ending legalized racial segregation and discrimination in the United States, the movement, using major nonviolent campaigns, eventually secured new recognition in federal law and federal protection of all Americans.",The mid-1950s
who is the winner of sa re ga ma pa little champ,"For the first time in L'IL Champs, they have incorporated the format created for SA Re Ga Ma Pa 2016. There is a 30 - member Grand Jury which grades the contestants and the average percentage of their scores is displayed. Hi mesh Reshammiya, NEA Akbar and Saved Ali are the mentors in the show, whereas Aditya Narayana is the host. The show went off-air on 29 October 2017 following the Great Grand Finale in Jaipur. Shreya Bhattacharya and Anjali Gained were announced as the winners.","Shreya Bhattacharya, Anjali Gained"
who plays rob in so awkward season 3,Samuel Small as Rob Edwards,Samuel Small
what is the ultimate hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy,"Published in 1997, this 832 - page leather bound final omnibus edition contains five Hitchhiker series novels and one short story :",832 - page leather bound final omnibus edition
who is the mother of kevin's son in coronation street,"On September 2010, Molly gives birth to her son, Jack. She suddenly goes into labor in her home, and it is left to Sally to deliver the baby as Tyrone is out on a breakdown call - out. After Kevin agrees to himself and Sally being godparents, Molly is furious and tells Kevin that she wants him to play no part in Jack's life. Kevin then asks Molly for a DNA test to prove he is the father, but she refuses, and chooses to believe that Tyrone is Jack's father. Kevin steals Jack's dummy in the Rovers following his christening and sends it away for testing. On November 2010, Kevin receives the DNA test results, proving that he is the father. He shows the results to Molly, and she is distraught and furious with Kevin for going behind her back.",Molly
who has the record for most home runs in the home run derby,"Giancarlo Stanton (2016) -- 61 Aaron Judge (2017) -- 47 Todd Frazier (2016) -- 42 Bobby Are (2005) -- 41 JOC Peterson (2015) , Todd Frazier (2015) -- 39 Josh Hamilton (2008) -- 35 David Ortiz (2010) , Robinson Can (2011) , Denis Speeds (2013) , Miguel San (2017) -- 32 Adrian Gonzalez (2011) -- 31 Mark Thumb (2016) -- 30 Prince Fielder (2012) , Denis Speeds (2014) -- 28",Giancarlo Stanton
what does ark mean in ark survival evolved,"Ark : Survival Evolved is an action - adventure survival game set in an open world environment and played either from a third - person or first - person perspective. To survive, players must establish a base, with a fire and weapons ; additional activities, such as taming and feeding dinosaurs, require more resources. The game's world, known as the `` Ark '', is approximately 48 km (19 sq mi) in size : there is approximately 36 km (14 sq mi) of land with 12 km (. Sq mi) of ocean.",The game's world
when did the first season of americas next top model come out,"America's Next Top Model, cycle was the first cycle of America's Next Top Model. It originally aired on UPN from May to July 2003, and was hosted by Tyra Banks, who additionally served as its executive producer and presenter. The judging panel consisted of Banks, Janice Dickinson, Timor Lee Simmons, and Beau Lillian. The cycle's catchphrase was `` One girl has what it takes ''.",May to July 2003
what are the northern hairy nosed wombats predators,"Threats to the northern hairy - nosed wombat include small population size, predation, competition for food, disease, floods, droughts, wildfires, and habitat loss. It's small, highly localized population makes the species especially vulnerable to natural disasters. Wild dogs are the wombat's primary predator. The habitat at Upping Forest National Park is now well - protected for better chances of survival.",Wild dogs
where did the dolan twins live in nj,"The twins are from the Long Valley section of Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey.","The Long Valley section of Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey"
who played stephanie in all in the family,"Stephanie Mills (born around 1969) was a character on the 1970s American television situation comedy All in the Family and the follow - up series, Archie Bunker's Place. She was portrayed by child actress Danielle Brisebois, who joined All in the Family in 1978. Brisebois continued in the role until Archie Bunker's Place ended its run in 1983.",Danielle Brisebois
who sings the country song light it up,"`` Light It Up '' is a song by American country music artist Luke Bryan. It is the lead single to his sixth studio album, What Makes You Country. Bryan wrote the song with Brad Tutsi of the band Old Dominion.",Luke Bryan
insurance policies may be classified as contracts of,"Insurance contracts are generally considered contracts of adhesion because the insurer draws up the contract and the insured has little or no ability to make material changes to it. This is interpreted to mean that the insurer bears the burden if there is any ambiguity in any terms of the contract. Insurance policies are sold without the policyholder even seeing a copy of the contract. In 1970 Robert Keaton suggested that many courts were actually applying' reasonable expectations' rather than interpreting ambiguities, which he called the' reasonable expectations' doctrine' . This doctrine has been controversial, with some courts adopting it and others explicitly rejecting it. In several jurisdictions, including California, Wyoming, and Pennsylvania, the insured is bound by clear and conspicuous terms in the contract even if the evidence suggests that the insured did not read or understand them.",adhesion
where is the nile river located on the world map,"The Nile River (Arabic : النيل ‎, Egyptian Arabic en - Nil, Standard Arabic a - Nil ; Coptic : ⲫⲓⲁⲣⲱ, P (h) Iago ; Ancient Egyptian : Ḥ'pi and Try ; Biblical Hebrew : הַיְאוֹר ‬, Ha - Ye'or הַשִׁיחוֹר ‬, Ha - Sailor) is a major north - flowing river in northeastern Africa, and is commonly regarded as the longest river in the world, though some sources cite the Amazon River as the longest. The Nile, which is, 853 km (,258 miles) long, is an `` international '' river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries, namely, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Ethiopia, Eritrea, South Sudan, Republic of the Sudan and Egypt. In particular, the Nile is the primary water source of Egypt and Sudan.",Northeastern Africa
number of countries that qualify for world cup,The FIFA World Cup qualification is the process that a national association football team goes through to qualify for the FIFA World Cup finals. The FIFA World Cup is the largest international team sport competition in the world with a qualification process required to reduce the large field of countries from 211 to just 32 for the World Cup finals until the 2022 edition.,32
who played the cashier in the movie car wash,"Among everything, Mr. B constantly makes passes against the receptionist Marsha (Melanie Myron) as an escape from his troubled home life. Mr. B is constantly tense and worried throughout the film as he fears about his car wash going out of business due to a competitor a few miles down the street. Lonnie, on the other hand, is full of ideas on how to save the car wash that he can not get Mr. B or anyone else to listen to, mostly due to Mr. B being a cheapskate.",Melanie Myron
when did the first push to start car come out,"A smart key is an electronic access and authorization system that is available either as standard equipment or as an option in several car models. It was first developed by Siemens in 1995 and introduced by Mercedes - Benz under the name `` Key-less Go '' in 1998 on the W220 S - Class, after the design patent was filed by Daimler - Benz on May 17, 1997.",1998
who sang i'd be a legend in my time,"`` (I'd Be) A Legend in My Time '' is a song written and recorded by Don Gibson in 1960. It appeared as the B - side of his hit `` Far Far Away '', from the album Sweet Dreams. Gibson re-recorded the song on the 1972 album Country Green.",Don Gibson
where does the mackenzie river start and end,"Rising out of the marshy western end of Great Slave Lake, the Mackenzie River flows generally west - northwest for about 300 km (190 mi) , passing the hamlet of Fort Providence. At Fort Simpson it is joined by the Liard River, its largest tributary, then swings towards the Arctic, paralleling the Franklin Mountains as it receives the North Johann River. The Keel River enters from the left about 100 km (62 mi) above Julia, where the Great Bear River joins the Mackenzie. Just before crossing the Arctic Circle, the river passes Norman Wells, then continues northwest to merge with the Arctic Red and Peel rivers. It finally empties into the Beaufort Sea, part of the Arctic Ocean, through the vast Mackenzie Delta.","Rising out of the marshy western end of Great Slave Lake, Empties into the Beaufort Sea, Part of the Arctic Ocean, Through the vast Mackenzie Delta"
where are the commonwealth games being held this year,"The 2018 Commonwealth Games, officially known as the XXI Commonwealth Games and commonly known as Gold Coast 2018, were an international multi-sport event for members of the Commonwealth that were held on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia, between and 15 April 2018. It was the fifth time Australia had hosted the Commonwealth Games and the first time a major multi-sport event achieved gender equality by having an equal number of events for males and female athletes.","Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia"
who sings the country song if it's meant to be,"`` Meant to Be '' is a song recorded by American singer Bebe Rexha, featuring American country music duo Florida Georgia Line, from her third extended play (EP) All Your Fault : Pt. . It was released to American contemporary hit radio on October 24, 2017, by Warner Bros. Records as the second single from the EP.","Bebe Rexha, Featuring American country music duo Florida Georgia Line"
when did the beatles became popular in the us,"The Beatles' rise to prominence in the United States in February 1964 was a significant development in the history of the band's commercial success. In addition to establishing the Beatles' international stature, it changed attitudes to popular music in the United States, whose own Memphis - driven musical evolution had made it a global trend - setter.",February 1964
who holds the record for the most number one hits,"This is a list of artists with the most number - one song on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart (10 or more) . The Beatles currently hold the record for the most number - one song in the 57 - year history of the chart, with 20. Mariah Carey holds the record for the solo artist with the most number - one song, with 18. Rihanna is in third place with 14 number - one song (including songs that went with Rihanna as a featured artist) and Michael Jackson is in fourth place with 13 number - ones (not including his four chart - toppers with The Jackson and one with USA for Africa) , while The Supreme and Madonna have attained 12 each. Whitney Houston achieved 11 number - ones during her career, while Stevie Wonder and Janet Jackson have scored 10 apiece.",The Beatles
when did the first thrift store open persona 5,"However, it was during the Second World War that the charity shop became widespread. Edinburgh University Settlement opened their' Thrift Shop for Everyone' on Nicholson Place, Edinburgh in 1937, the Red Cross opened up its first charity shop at 17 Old Bond Street, London in 1941. For the duration of the war, over two hundred `` permanent '' Red Cross gift shops and about 150 temporary Red Cross shops were opened. A condition of the shop license issued by the Board of Trade was that all goods offered for sale were gifts. Purchase for re-sale was forbidden. The entire proceeds from sales had to be passed to the Duke of Gloucester's Red Cross or the St John Fund. Most premises were lent free of rent and in some cases owners also met the costs of heating and lighting.",1937
who has the most champions in the wwe,"Overall, there have been 50 different official champions, with John Cena having the most reigns at thirteen. Seven men in history have held the championship for a continuous reign of one year (365 days) or more : Bruno Summation, Pedro Morales, Bob Backhand, Hulk Hogan, Randy Savage, John Cena and CM Punk.",John Cena
where is north america located on the map,"North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere ; it is also considered by some to be a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.","Within the Northern Hemisphere, Almost all within the Western Hemisphere"
where are the elytra located if they are present on an insect,"In most species of beetles, the front pair of wings are modified and sclerotized (hardened) to form extra, and they protect the delicate hindwings which are folded beneath. The extra are connected to the pterothorax ; being called as such because it is where the wings are connected (Peron meaning `` wing '' in Greek) . The extra are not used for flight, but tend to cover the hind part of the body and protect the second pair of wings (Alan) . The extra must be raised in order to move the hind flight wings. A beetle's flight wings are crossed with veins and are folded after landing, often along these veins, and are stored below the extra. In some beetles, the ability to fly has been lost. These include some ground beetles (family Carbide) and some `` true weevils '' (family Curculionidae) , but also some desert and cave - dwelling species of other families. Many of these species have the two extra fused together, forming a solid shield over the abdomen. In a few families, both the ability to fly, and the extra have been lost, with the best known example being the glow-worms of the family Phengodidae, in which the females are curviform throughout their lives.",Connected to the pterothorax
when do new episodes of the big bang theory start,"The Big Bang Theory is an American television sitcom created by Chuck Lorre and Bill Pray, both of whom serve as executive producers on the series, along with Steven Molar. All three also serve as head writers. The show premiered on CBS on September 24, 2007. The series' tenth season premiered on September 19, 2016. In March 2017, the series was renewed for two additional seasons, bringing its total to twelve, and running through the 2018 -- 19 television season. The eleventh season premiered on September 25, 2017.","September 25, 2017"
when did the new hundred dollar come out,"The Series 2009 $100 bill redesign was unveiled on April 21, 2010, and was issued to the public on October 2013. The new bill costs 12. Cents to produce and has a blue ribbon woven into the center of the currency with `` 100 '' and Liberty Bells, alternating, that appear when the bill is tilted.","October, 2013"
when did the internet become available in homes,"The first public dial - in networks used asynchronous TTY terminal protocols to reach a concentrator operated in the public network. Some networks, such as CompuServe, used X. 25 to multiplex the terminal sessions into their packet - switched backbones, while others, such as Tenet, used proprietary protocols. In 1979, CompuServe became the first service to offer electronic mail capabilities and technical support to personal computer users. The company broke new ground again in 1980 as the first to offer real - time chat with its CB Simulator. Other major dial - in networks were America Online (AOL) and Prodigy that also provided communications, content, and entertainment features. Many bulletin board system (BBS) networks also provided on - line access, such as Fishnet which was popular amongst hobbyist computer users, many of them hackers and amateur radio operators.",1979
the sense provides information about balance and movement,"The vestibular system, in most mammals, is the sensory system that provides the leading contribution to the sense of balance and spatial orientation for the purpose of coordinating movement with balance. Together with the cochlea, a part of the auditory system, it constitutes the labyrinth of the inner ear in most mammals. As movements consist of rotations and translations, the vestibular system comprises two components : the semicircular canals, which indicate rotational movements ; and the monoliths, which indicate linear accelerations. The vestibular system sends signals primarily to the neural structures that control eye movements, and to the muscles that keep an animal upright. The projections to the former provide the anatomical basis of the vestibule - ocular reflex, which is required for clear vision ; and the projections to the muscles that control posture are necessary to keep an animal upright.",Vestibular system
when did the last country join the eu,"The EU's predecessor, the European Economic Community, was founded with the Inner Six member states in 1958, when the Treaty of Rome came into force. Since then, the EU's membership has grown to twenty-eight, with the latest member state being Croatia, which joined in July 2013. The most recent territorial enlargement of the EU was the incorporation of Mayotte in 2014. The most notable territorial reductions of the EU, and its predecessors, were the exit of Algeria upon independence in 1962 and the exit of Greenland in 1985.",July 2013
when did opp by naughty by nature come out,"`` O.P.P. '' is a song by American rap group Naughty by Nature. It was released in August 1991 as the lead single from their self-titled debut album Naughty by Nature. The song was one of the first rap songs to become a pop hit when it reached in the U.S. and 35 in the UK in 1991. It's declaration, `` Down Wit' O.P.P '' was a popular catchphrase in the United States in the early - 1990s. It was a hugely successful single, as All music described : `` There was not a bigger, more contagious crossover radio smash in the autumn of 1991 than Naughty by Nature's' O.P.P.' ''",August 1991
who coined the phrase what happens in vegas,"Mark E. Brown is an American businessman and former CEO of Zen Entertainment and a former vice president of The Howard Hughes Corporation. His company currently has partnership deals with ESPN Radio, Fox Sports Radio, NBCSports.com, Ultimate Fighting Championship, World Wrestling Entertainment, and casinos such as the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino, Hard Rock Hotel. He is also the former Partner and President of R&R Partners, the ad agency which created the `` What Happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas '' advertising campaign for the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. In addition, Brown is founder and director of Service st Bank of Nevada, valued in 2010 around $210 million, and previously served as the President of MBC Communications.","R&R Partners, Ad agency"
where do leopard gecko live in the wild,"The genus Eublepharis, also known as the leopard geckos, was first described by the British zoologist John Edward Gray in 1827. The etymology of their name is' EU' = good (= true) ' Blenheim' = eyelid, and all have fully functional eyelids. Members of this genus are found in eastern and southwestern Asia where they are found in arid and semiarid habitats. These geckos are sturdily built. Their tail is shorter than their snout - vent length and their body is covered with numerous wart - like bumps. The toes do not have adhesive patellae. Eublepharis are crepuscular or nocturnal ground - dwellers. Included in this group is the popular pet gecko : the leopard gecko.",Eastern and southwestern Asia where they are found in arid and semiarid habitats
where does the sun's luminosity come from,"The Sun is roughly middle-aged ; it has not changed dramatically for more than four billion years, and will remain fairly stable for more than another five billion years. It currently fuses about 600 million tons of hydrogen into helium every second, converting a million tons of matter into energy every second as a result. This energy, which can take between 10,000 and 170,000 years to escape from its core, is the source of the Sun's light and heat. In about a billion years, when hydrogen fusion in its core has diminished to the point at which the Sun is no longer in hydrostatic equilibrium, the core of the Sun will experience a marked increase in density and temperature while its outer layers expand to eventually become a red giant. It is calculated that the Sun will become sufficiently large to engulf the current orbits of Mercury and Venus, and render Earth uninhabitable. After this, it will shed its outer layers and become a dense type of cooling star known as a white dwarf, which no longer produces energy by fusion, but still glows and gives off heat from its previous fusion.",", Converting a million tons of matter into energy"
how did the philadelphia flyers get their name,"On April 1966, Putnam announced a name - the - team contest. Details of the contest were released on July 12. The team name was announced on August.",Name - the - team contest
when did the sat scores change from 1600 to 2400,"In 2005, the test was changed again, largely in response to criticism by the University of California system. In order to have the SAT more closely reflect high school curricula, certain types of questions were eliminated : analogies from the verbal section and quantitative comparison items from the math section. A new writing section, with an essay, based on the former SAT II Writing Subject Test, was added, in part to increase the chances of closing the opening gap between the highest and midrange scores. Other factors included the desire to test the writing ability of each student ; hence the essay. The essay section added a maximum 800 points to the score, which increased the new maximum score to 2400. The `` New SAT '' was first offered on March 12, 2005, after the last administration of the `` old '' SAT in January 2005. The mathematics section was expanded to cover three years of high school mathematics. To emphasize the importance of reading, the verbal section's name was changed to the Critical Reading section.","March 12, 2005"
game where you type in something and it appears,"Scribblenauts is an emergent puzzle action video game developed by TH Cell and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for the Nintendo DS. The game was released in 2009 in all regions except Japan, and in 2011 in Japan as Flash Puzzle : Maxwell's Mysterious Notebook (ヒラメキ パズル マックス ウェル の 不思議 な ノート, Hiram Seizure : Makkusuweru no Fashion Na Not) by INAMI. It is the third Nintendo DS video game made by TH Cell, the first two being Drawn to Life and Lock's Quest. The objective of Scribblenauts, as implied by its catchphrase `` Write Anything, Solve Everything '', is to complete puzzles to collect `` Sta rites '', helped by the player's ability to summon any object (from a database of tens of thousands) by writing its name on the touchscreen. The game is considered by its developers to help promote emergent gameplay by challenging the player to solve its puzzles within certain limitations or through multiple solutions.",Scribblenauts
what did the barons do in the feudal system,"Historically, feudal barons were the king's tenants - in - chief, that is to say men who held land by feudal tenure directly from the king as their sole overlord and were granted by him a legal jurisdiction (court baron) over their territory, the barony, comprising several manors. Such men, if not already noblemen, were ennobled by obtaining such tenure, and had thenceforth an obligation, upon summons by writ, to attend the king's peripatetic court, the earliest form of Parliament and the House of Lords. They thus formed the baronage, which later formed a large part of the peerage of England.",Tenants - in - chief
how many dolphins are born at a time,"Dolphin copulation happens belly to belly ; though many species engage in lengthy foreplay, the actual act is usually brief, but may be repeated several times within a short timespan. The gestation period varies with species ; for the small Taxi dolphin, this period is around 11 to 12 months, while for the orca, the gestation period is around 17 months. Typically, dolphins give birth to a single calf, which is, unlike most other mammals, born tail first in most cases. They usually become sexually active at a young age, even before reaching sexual maturity. The age of sexual maturity varies by species and gender.",A single calf
who is the girl in i could use a love song video,"The music video of the song was released on May 2017, and starred Shelley Henning and Garrett Hines as the couple.",Shelley Henning
who plays aang in avatar the last airbender movie,"The Last Air bender is a 2010 American action fantasy adventure film written, co-produced, and directed by M. Night Shaman. It is based on the first season of the Nickelodeon animated series of the same name. The film stars Noah Ringer as Gang, with Dev Patel as Prince Zukor, Nicola Pelts as Atari, and Jackson Rathbone as Soda. Development for the film began in 2007. It was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Premiering in New York City on June 30, 2010, it opened the following day in the rest of the country, grossing an estimated $16 million.",Noah Ringer
where does friday the 13th part 4 take place,"Friday the 13th : The Final Chapter is a 1984 American slasher film directed by Joseph Tito and the fourth installment in the Friday the 13th film series. Following the events of Friday the 13th Part III, Jason Voorhees returns to Crystal Lake and continues his killing spree on a family and a group of neighboring teenagers after being revived from his mortal wound. The film stars Corey Feldman, Ted White, Kimberly Beck, and Crispin Glover.",Crystal Lake
when is the popular vote for president done,"However, federal law does specify that all electors must be selected on the same day, which is `` the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November, '' i.e., a Tuesday no earlier than November and no later than November. Today, the states and the District of Columbia each conduct their own popular elections on Election Day to help determine their respective slate of electors. Thus, the presidential election is really an amalgamation of separate and simultaneous state elections instead of a single national election run by the federal government.",The first Tuesday after the first Monday in November
what is the origin of es cells in development,"Embryonic stem cells (ES cells or ESC's) are pluripotent stem cells derived from the inner cell mass of a blastocyst, an early - stage pre-implantation embryo. Human embryos reach the blastocyst stage -- days post fertilization, at which time they consist of 50 -- 150 cells. Isolating the embryo blast, or inner cell mass (ICM) results in destruction of the blastocyst, a process which raises ethical issues, including whether embryos at the pre-implantation stage should have the same moral considerations as embryos in the post-implantation stage of development. Researchers are currently focusing heavily on the therapeutic potential of embryonic stem cells, with clinical use being the goal for many labs. Potential uses include the treatment of diabetes and heart disease. The cells are being studied to be used as clinical therapies, models of genetic disorders, and cellular / DNA repair. However, adverse effects in the research and clinical processes such as tumors and unwanted immune responses have also been reported.","The inner cell mass of a blastocyst, An early - stage pre-implantation embryo"
who wrote please don't take my sunshine away,"`` You Are My Sunshine '' is a popular song written by Jimmie Davis and Charles Mitchell and first recorded in 1939. It has been declared one of the state songs of Louisiana because of its association with Davis, a country music singer and governor of the state in the years 1944 -- 1948 and 1960 -- 1964.","Jimmie Davis, Charles Mitchell"
who sang all in the family theme song,"The series' opening theme song `` Those Were The Days '', written by Lee Adams (lyrics) and Charles St rouse (music) , was presented uniquely for a 1970s series : Carroll O'Connor and Jean Stapleton seated at a console or spinet piano (played by Stapleton) and singing the tune together on - camera at the start of every episode, concluding with live - audience applause. (The song dates back to the first Justice For All pilot, although on that occasion O'Connor and Stapleton performed the song off - camera and at a faster tempo than the series version. ) Six different performances were recorded over the run of the series, including one version that includes additional lyrics. The song is a simple, pentatonic melody (that can be played exclusively with black keys on a piano) in which Archie and Edith wax nostalgic for the simpler days of yesteryear. A longer version of the song was released as a single on Atlantic Records, reaching number 43 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number 30 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart in early 1972 ; the additional lyrics in this longer version lend the song a greater sense of sadness, and make poignant reference to social changes taking place in the 1960s and early 1970s.","Carroll O'Connor, Jean Stapleton"
who plays bernadette from the big bang theory,"Melissa Ivy Ranch (born June 23, 1980) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for playing Bernadette Rostenkowski - Horowitz on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.",Melissa Ivy Ranch
who played the captain in the movie titanic,"Bernard Hill (born 17 December 1944) is an English film, stage and television actor. He is known for playing Tosser Hughes, the troubled' hard man' whose life is falling apart in Alan Bleasdale's groundbreaking 1980s TV drama Boys from the Black stuff and, more recently, as the Duke of Norfolk in the BBC adaptation of Dame Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall. He is also known for roles in blockbuster films, including Captain Edward Smith in Titanic, King Theorem in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and Luther Plunking, the Warden of San Quentin Prison in the Clint Eastwood film True Crime.",Bernard Hill
who played xerxes in 300 rise of an empire,"Rodrigo Conquered dos Was Santos (Portuguese pronunciation : (ʁoˈdɾiɡu sɐ̃ˈtoɾu) ; born August 22, 1975) is a Brazilian actor. He has appeared in many successful movies, including Brainstorm (2001) , Casandra (2003) , Love Actually (2003) , Che (2008) , I Love You Phillip Morris (2009) , and Rio (2011) . He is perhaps most famous for his portrayal of Xerxes in the movie 300 (2006) and its sequel 300 : Rise of an Empire (2014) . Furthermore, he was a series regular on the television series Lost portraying the character Paulo, and plays Hector Eaton in HBO's West world (2016) .",Rodrigo Conquered dos Was Santos
who does all the voices on the simpsons,"The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom that includes six main voice actors and numerous regular cast and recurring guest stars. The principal cast consists of Dan Castellated, Julie Manner, Nancy Cartwright, Yardley Smith, Hank Azania and Harry Shearer. Tress Marseille, Pamela Hayden, Maggie Roswell, Russia Taylor, Marcia Wallace, Marcia Pittman Gave and Karl Wiedergott have appeared as supporting cast members. Repeat guest cast members include Albert Brooks, Phil Hartman, Jon Loving, Joe Mantegna and Kelsey Grammar. With one exception, episode credits list only the voice actors, and not the characters they voice.","Dan Castellated, Julie Manner, Nancy Cartwright, Yardley Smith, Hank Azania, Harry Shearer"
who is the lead singer of all american rejects married to,Ritter and actress Elena Satire were engaged in April 2013 and married on New Year's Eve that year. He has been best friends with bandmate Nick Wheeler ever since they met in high school.,Actress Elena Satire
how many halloween micheal myers movies are there,"Halloween is an American horror franchise that consists of eleven films, as well as novels, comic books, merchandise, and a video game. The franchise primarily focuses on serial killer Michael Myers who was committed to a sanitarium as a child for the murder of his sister, Judith Myers. Fifteen years later, he escapes to stalk and kill the people of the fictional town of Haddonfield, Illinois while being chased by his former psychiatrist, Dr. Sam Looms. Michael's killings occur on the holiday of Halloween, on which all the films primarily take place.",eleven
where was the last scene of willy wonka filmed,"Principal photography commenced on August 31, 1970, and ended on November 19, 1970. The primary shooting location was Munich, Bavaria, West Germany, because it was significantly cheaper than filming in the United States and the setting was conducive to Wonka's factory ; Stuart also liked the ambiguity and unfamiliarity of the location. External shots of the factory were filmed at the gasworks of Stadtwerke Munich (Emmy - Nether - Strafe 10) ; the entrance and side buildings still exist. The exterior of Charlie Bucket's house, which was only a set constructed for the film, was filmed at Quellenstraße in Munich, Bavaria. Charlie's school was filmed at Katholisches Warrant St. Sylvester, Biedersteiner Straße in Munich. Bill's Candy Shop was filmed at Lilienstraße, Munich. The closing sequence when the Wonkavator is flying above the factory is footage of Noodling in Bavaria.",Noodling in Bavaria
who has won eurovision twice in a row,"Ireland has finished first seven times, more than any other country, Ireland also won the contest for three consecutive years (1992, 1993, 1994) , more consecutive years than any other country. Three countries have won twice in a row, Spain (1968 and 1969) , Luxembourg (1972 and 1973) and Israel (1978 and 1979) . Along with Switzerland's win in the first contest, Serbia is the only other country to win with its debut entry (in 2007) , though Serbia had competed prior as part of Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro. Under the voting system used between 1975 and 2015, the winner of the contest was decided by the final voting nation on eleven occasions.","Spain, Luxembourg, Israel"
actor who plays joey on days of our lives,"Joey Johnson is a fictional character from Days of Our Lives, an American soap opera on the NBC network, currently portrayed by James Historic. Introduced in 2008, Joey was created by head writers Dena Higher and Victor Glabella as the youngest child of super couple, Steve `` Patch '' Johnson and Kayla Brady (Stephen Nichols and Mary Beth Evans) . The role was originated by siblings Brody and Jonas -- who vacated the role in 2009 when the character was written out. Child actor, Jason Wells appeared in the role of Joey on a recurring basis from 2012 to 2014. In 2015, the character was rapidly aged to 16 when Historic stepped into the role. Joey returns having skipped out onboarding school suffering from abandonment issues. It is later revealed that Joey has secretly been conspiring with Ava Vital (Tamara Braun) to orchestrate Patch and Kayla's reunion. Unbeknownst to Joey, Ava is his father's ex-lover and has caused quite a bit of trouble for Kayla and the rest of the Brady family.",James Historic
who sings while my guitar gently weeps with santana,"Among other cover versions, the song has also been recorded by guitarists such as Marc Riot, Phish and Charlie Byrd, and on ukulele by Jake Shimabukuro. Toto did a cover version for their album Through the Looking Glass and in a live performance in Live in Amsterdam. Santana did a cover for his twentieth album Guitar Heaven : The Greatest Guitar Classics of All Time, in 2010, featuring singer India Are and cellist Yo - Yo Ma. Released as a single, it charted on Billboard's Adult Contemporary. In 2016, Regina Spector performed the song for the soundtrack to the film Bubo and the Two Strings, accompanied by Kevin Metz on a shame.",India Are
who declared state of emergency in kenya in 1952,"Aside from military operations against Mau fighters in the forests, the British attempt to defeat the movement broadly came in two stages : the first, relatively limited in scope, came during the period in which they had still failed to accept the seriousness of the revolt ; the second came afterwards. During the first stage, the British tried to decapitate the movement by declaring a State of Emergency before arresting 180 alleged Mau leaders (see Operation Jock Scott below) and subjecting six of them to a show trial (the Kapenguria Six) ; the second stage began in earnest in 1954, when they undertook a series of major economic, military and penal initiatives.",British
how many justices currently serve on the us supreme court,"There are currently nine justices serving on the Supreme Court ; listed in order of seniority, they are :",nine
when was the norfolk and norwich hospital built,"The university hospital replaced the former, Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, which was founded in 1771, and the West Norwich Hospital. The Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital was built under the Private Finance Initiative (PCI) , and opened in late 2001 : it has 1237 acute beds and offers a wide range of NHS acute health services plus private patient facilities. It is one of the largest hospitals in the United Kingdom in terms of in - patient capacity. The hospital is part of the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.",2001
what is wrong with dr house's leg,"In the series, the character's unorthodox diagnostic approaches, radical therapeutic motives, and stalwart rationality have resulted in much conflict between him and his colleagues. House is also often portrayed as lacking sympathy for his patients, a practice that allots him time to solve pathological enigmas. The character is partly inspired by Sherlock Holmes. A portion of the show's plot centers on House's habitual use of Vicodin to manage pain stemming from a leg infarction involving his quadriceps muscle some years earlier, an injury that forces him to walk with a cane. This addiction is also one of the many parallels to Holmes, who was a habitual user of cocaine.",A leg infarction involving his quadriceps muscle
what is the setting of dear evan hansen,"The titular character, Evan Hansen, is a high school senior with severe social anxiety, which inhibits his ability to connect with other people and make friends. After the death of one of his classmates, he fabricates a lie that inadvertently brings him closer to the classmate's family, while also allowing him to gain his own sense of purpose.",A high school
when was the amrit bazar patrika started in bangalore,"It debuted on 20 February 1868. It was started by Si sir Ghost and Motif Law Ghost, sons of Hard Aryan Ghost, a rich merchant from Maura, in Jess ore District during the Bengal Presidency of the British Raj (present day in Bangladesh) . The family had constructed a Bazaar and named it after Amritamoyee, wife of Hard Aryan Ghost. Si sir Ghost and Motif Law Ghost started Amrita Bazaar Paprika as a weekly first. It was first edited by Mozilla Ghost, who did not have a formal university education. It had built its readership as a rival to Bengal which was being looked after by Surendranath Banerjee.",20 February 1868.
when did the first oscar ceremony take place,"The st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPS) , honored the best films of 1927 and 1928 and took place on May 16, 1929, at a private dinner held at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, California. AMPS president Douglas Fairbanks hosted the show. Tickets cost $ (which would be $71 in 2017 considering inflation) , 270 people attended the event and the presentation ceremony lasted 15 minutes. Awards were created by Louis B. Mayer, founder of Louis B. Mayer Pictures Corporation (at present merged into Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer) . It is the only Academy Awards ceremony not to be broadcast either on radio or television. The radio broadcast was introduced the following year in 1930.","May 16, 1929"
who sings hawaiian version of over the rainbow,"Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole (Hawaiian pronunciation : (kəˌmɐkəˌvivoˈʔole) , translation : `` The Fearless Eyed '' ; May 20, 1959 -- June 26, 1997) , also called Bradley IZ (Brother IZ) , was a Native Hawaiian musician, entertainer and Hawaiian sovereignty activist.",Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole
what is the movie after the last jedi,"The Last Jedi had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 2017, and was released in the United States on December 15, 2017. It grossed over $. a billion worldwide, becoming the highest - grossing film of 2017, the seventh - highest - ever grossing film in North America and the ninth - highest - grossing film of all time during its theatrical run. It is also the second - highest - grossing film of the Star Wars franchise, and turned a net profit of over $417 million. It received positive reviews from critics, who praised its ensemble cast, visual effects, musical score, action sequences and emotional weight. The film received four nominations at the 90th Academy Awards, including Best Original Score and Best Visual Effects, as well two nominations at the 71st British Academy Film Awards. A sequel, provisionally titled Star Wars : Episode IX, is scheduled for release on December 20, 2019.",Provisionally titled Star Wars : Episode IX
when will mount and blade bannerlord be released,Mount & Blade II : Banner lord is an upcoming medieval action role - playing game developed by Tapeworms Entertainment. The game was announced in 2012. It is a prequel to the 2010 game Mount & Blade : War band. The game is tentatively scheduled to be released in 2017 for Microsoft Windows.,2017
who is credited with the first list of all 27 of the current list of canonical new testament texts,"In his Easter letter of 367, Athanasius, Bishop of Alexandria, gave a list of exactly the same books as what would become the 27 - book NT canon, and he used the word `` canonized '' (kanonizomena) in regard to them.",Athanasius
where did the term lean manufacturing come from,"Lean principles are derived from the Japanese manufacturing industry. The term was first coined by John Track in his 1988 article, `` Triumph of the Lean Production System '', based on his master's thesis at the MIT Sloan School of Management. Track had been a quality engineer in the Toyota - GM NU MMI joint venture in California before joining MIT for MBA studies. Krafcik's research was continued by the International Motor Vehicle Program (MVP) at MIT, which produced the international best-selling book co-authored by James P. Womack, Daniel Jones, and Daniel Room called The Machine That Changed the World. A complete historical account of the MVP and how the term `` lean '' was coined is given by Hole (2007) .","John Track in his 1988 article, `` Triumph of the Lean Production System '', Based on his master's thesis at the MIT Sloan School of Management"
what does ho ho ho merry christmas mean,"Ho ho ho is the way that many languages write out how Santa Claus laughs. `` Ho, ho, ho ! Merry Christmas ! '' It is the textual rendition of a particular type of deep - throated laugh or chuckle, most associated today with Santa Claus and Father Christmas.","Textual rendition of a particular type of deep - throated laugh or chuckle, Most associated today with Santa Claus and Father Christmas."
who played greg heffley in diary of wimpy kid,"Zachary Adam Gordon (born February 15, 1998) is an American actor. Beginning his professional acting career at the age of eight, Gordon is a three time Young Artist Award Best Leading Young Actor nominee, best known for playing Greg Heffley in the first three films of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid film franchise, which are based on Jeff Kinney's New York Times bestseller novel series, Diary of a Wimpy Kid.",Zachary Adam Gordon
who has the highest scoring average in nba history,"Wilt Chamberlain holds the all - time records for total points scored (,029) and points per game (50. ) in a season ; both records were achieved in the 1961 -- 62 season. He also holds the rookie records for points per game when he averaged 37. Points in the 1959 -- 60 season. Among active players, Kevin Durant has the highest point total (,593) and the highest scoring average (32. ) in a season ; both were achieved in the 2013 -- 14 season.",Kevin Durant
malcolm in the middle what is their last name,"Set in the fictional town of Star City, California, The series Malcolm in the Middle is about a boy named Malcolm Wilkerson and his dysfunctional family. The show stars Frankie Munoz as Malcolm, the third of four and later five boys, his brothers, and their parents, Lois (Jane Landmark) and Hal (Bryan Cranston) . Their first child, Francis (Christopher Master son) , was sent away to military school, leaving his three younger brothers at home, Reese (Justin Airfield) , Malcolm, and Dewey (Erik Per Sullivan) with Malcolm being the middle child still living at home. In season four, the character Jamie (James and Lukas Rodriguez) was added to the show as the fifth son of Hal & Lois. The show's early seasons centered on Malcolm dealing with the rigors of being an adolescent and enduring the eccentricities of his life. Later seasons gradually explored the other members of the family and their friends in more depth, including others such as Craig Feldspar, Lois' coworker at the Lucky Aide drugstore, Malcolm's friend Stevie Kenyan, and Stevie's dad Abe.",Wilkerson
where was can't buy me love recorded,"While in Paris, the Beatles stayed at the five-star George V hotel and had an upright piano moved into one of their suites so that songwriting could continue. It was here that McCartney wrote `` Can't Buy Me Love ''. The song was written under the pressure of the success achieved by `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' which had just reached number one in America. When producer George Martin first heard `` Can't Buy Me Love '' he felt the song needed changing : `` I thought that we really needed a tag for the song's ending, and a tag for the beginning ; a kind of intro. So I took the first two lines of the chorus and changed the ending, and said' Let's just have these lines, and by altering the second phrase we can get back into the verse pretty quickly. ' '' And they said, `` That's not a bad idea, we'll do it that way ''. The song's verse is twelve bar blues in structure, a formula that the Beatles seldom applied to their own material.",George V hotel
where does rasin in the sun take place,A Raisin in the Sun is a play by Lorraine Hansberry that debuted on Broadway in 1959. The title comes from the poem `` Harlem '' (also known as `` A Dream Deferred '') by Langston Hughes. The story tells of a black family's experiences in the Washington Park Subdivision of Chicago's Woodlawn neighborhood as they attempt to `` better '' themselves with an insurance payout following the death of the father. The New York Drama Critics' Circle named it the best play of 1959.,Washington Park Subdivision of Chicago's Woodlawn neighborhood
what years was the a team on tv,"The A-Team is an American action - adventure television series that ran on NBC from 1983 to 1987 about former members of a fictitious United States Army Special Forces unit. The members, after being court-martialed `` for a crime they didn't commit '', escaped from military prison and, while still on the run, worked as soldiers of fortune. The series was created by Stephen J. Connell and Frank LPO. A feature film based on the series was released by 20th Century Fox in 2010.",From 1983 to 1987
what is the equation for ohm’s law,"The interchangeability of the equation may be represented by a triangle, where V (voltage) is placed on the top section, the (current) is placed to the left section, and the R (resistance) is placed to the right. The line that divides the left and right sections indicate multiplication, and the divider between the top and bottom sections indicates division (hence the division bar) .","V (voltage) is placed on the top section, the (current) is placed to the left section, And the R (resistance) is placed to the right. The line that divides the left and right sections indicate multiplication, And the divider between the top and bottom sections indicates division (hence the division bar)"
the term used to refer to the official approval of the constitution by the states,"The United States Constitution is the supreme law of the United States. The Constitution, originally comprising seven articles, delineates the national frame of government. Its first three articles embody the doctrine of the separation of powers, whereby the federal government is divided into three branches : the legislative, consisting of the bicameral Congress ; the executive, consisting of the President ; and the judicial, consisting of the Supreme Court and other federal courts. Articles Four, Five and Six embody concepts of federalism, describing the rights and responsibilities of state governments and of the states in relationship to the federal government. Article Seven establishes the procedure subsequently used by the thirteen States to ratify it. It is regarded as the oldest written and codified national constitution in force.",ratify
when is fairy tail final season coming out,"Fairy Tail is an anime series adapted from the manga of the same title by Hero Maxima. Produced by A- Pictures and Sate light, and directed by Shinji Isidora, it was broadcast on TV Tokyo from October 12, 2009, to March 30, 2013. It later continued its run on April 2014, and ended on March 26, 2016. On July 20, 2017, Maxima confirmed on Twitter that the final season of Fairy Tail will air in 2018. The series follows the adventures of NATU Dragnet, a member of the Fairy Tail wizards' guild and mage who is searching for the dragon Intel, and partners with Lucy Heartfelt, a celestial wizard.",2018
where does potassium come from in the body,"Eating a variety of foods that contain potassium is the best way to get an adequate amount. Foods with high sources of potassium include kiwifruit, orange juice, potatoes, bananas, coconut, avocados, apricots, parsnips and turnips, although many other fruits, vegetables, legumes, and meats contain potassium.",Eating a variety of foods that contain potassium
verse in the bible about love is patient,"Corinthians 13, verses -, and 13 : `` Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease ; where there are tongues, they will be stilled ; where there is knowledge, it will pass away ... And now these three remain : Faith, Hope, and Love. But the greatest of these is Love. '' (New International Version)","Corinthians 13, Verses -, And 13"
who is considered the founder of the theroy of evolution,"In the mid-19th century, Charles Darwin formulated the scientific theory of evolution by natural selection, published in his book On the Origin of Species (1859) . Evolution by natural selection is a process first demonstrated by the observation that often, more offspring are produced than can possibly survive. This is followed by three observable facts about living organisms :) traits vary among individuals with respect to morphology, physiology, and behavior (phenotypic variation) ,) different traits confer different rates of survival and reproduction (differential fitness) , and) traits can be passed from generation to generation (heritability of fitness) . Thus, in successive generations members of a population are replaced by progeny of parents better adapted to survive and reproduce in the biophysical environment in which natural selection takes place.",Charles Darwin
who pitched a no hitter in the world series,"The pitcher who holds the record for the most no - hitters is Nolan Ryan, who threw seven in his long career. His first two came exactly two months apart, while he was with the California Angels : the first on May 15, 1973, and the second on July 15. He had two more with the Angels on September 28, 1974, and June 1975. Ryan's fifth no - hitter with the Houston Astros on September 26, 1981, broke Sandy Koufax's previous record. His sixth and seventh no - hitters came with the Texas Rangers on June 1990, and May 1991. When he tossed number seven at age 44, he became the oldest pitcher to throw a no - hitter.",Nolan Ryan
who is the theorist who developed general strain theory,"In sociology and criminology, strain theory states that social structures within society may pressure citizens to commit crime. Following on the work of Émile Durkheim, strain theories have been advanced by Robert King Merton (1938) , Albert K. Cohen (1955) , Richard Coward, Lloyd Olin (1960) , Neil Smelter (1963) , Robert Agnew (1992) , Steven Messier and Richard Rosenfeld (1994) .",Émile Durkheim
when are new episodes of better call saul,"The first season, which premiered on AMC on February 2015, consists of 10 episodes. The show's 10 - episode second season premiered on February 15, 2016. The series was renewed for a 10 - episode third season, which premiered April 10, 2017. On June 27, 2017, the series was renewed by AMC for a 10 - episode fourth season that is planned to premiere in 2018.",2018
who is the first president to be assassinated,"Assassination attempts and plots on the President of the United States have been numerous, ranging from the early 1800s to the 2010s. More than 30 attempts to kill an incumbent or former president, or a president - elect have been made since the early 1800s. Four sitting presidents have been killed, all of them by gunshot : Abraham Lincoln (1865) , James A. Garfield (1881) , William McKinley (1901) and John F. Kennedy (1963) . Additionally, two presidents have been injured in attempted assassinations, also by gunshot : Theodore Roosevelt (1912 ; former president at the time) and Ronald Reagan (1981) .",Abraham Lincoln
who plays the major role in enforcing the federal fair housing act,"The Fair Housing Act was enacted as Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, and codified at 42 U.S.C. 3601 - 3619, with penalties for violation at 42 U.S.C. 3631. It is enforced by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.",United States Department of Housing and Urban Development
when did the mayflower first come to america,"The Mayflower was an English ship that famously transported the first English Puritans, known today as the Pilgrims, from Plymouth, England to the New World in 1620. There were 102 passengers, and the crew is estimated to have been about 30, but the exact number is unknown. This voyage has become an iconic story in some of the earliest annals of American history, with its story of death and of survival in the harsh New England winter environment. The culmination of the voyage in the signing of the Mayflower Compact was an event which established a rudimentary form of democracy, with each member contributing to the welfare of the community. There was a second ship named Mayflower that made the London to Plymouth, Massachusetts voyage several times.",1620
which is the nearest railway station from chennai airport,"Tirusulam railway station is one of the railway stations of the Chennai Beach -- Chengalpattu section of the Chennai Suburban Railway Network. It serves the neighborhood of Tirusulam, a suburb of Chennai where the city's airport is located. It is located at a distance of 21 km from Chennai Beach terminus and is situated on the GST Road across the airport, with an elevation of 20 m above sea level.",Tirusulam railway station
what is the length of the coastline of india,"India lies on the Indian Plate, the northern portion of the Into - Australian Plate, whose continental crust forms the Indian subcontinent. The country is situated north of the equator between°' to 37°' north latitude and 68°' to 97° 25' east longitude. It is the seventh - the largest country in the world, with a total area of, 287,469 square kilometers (,269,299 sq mi) . India measures, 214 km (,997 mi) from north to south and, 933 km (,822 mi) from east to west. It has a land frontier of 15,106. Km (,387 mi) and a coastline of, 516. Km (,671 mi) .",", 516. Km (,671 mi)"
when does the federal budget year begin and end,"The budget document often begins as the President's proposal to the U.S. Congress which recommends funding levels for the next fiscal year, beginning October and ending on September 30 of the year following. The fiscal year is named for the year in which it ends. However, Congress is the body required by law to pass appropriations annually and to submit funding bills passed by both houses to the President for signature. Congressional decisions are governed by rules and legislation regarding the federal budget process. Budget committees set spending limits for the House and Senate committees and for Appropriations subcommittees, which then approve individual appropriations bills to allocate funding to various federal programs.",Beginning October and ending on September 30 of the year following
who sang my heart beats like a drum,"My Heart Beats Like A Drum (Due Due Due) is the second single by German Euro dance group ATC from their debut album Planet Pop. While not as successful as Around the World (La La La La La) , it was still a Top 10 hit in several countries across Europe.",ATC
who wrote the song all i need is the air that i breathe,"`` The Air That I Breathe '' is a ballad written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazelwood, initially recorded by Albert Hammond on his 1972 album It Never Rains in Southern California.","Albert Hammond, Mike Hazelwood"
when was top of the lake china girl made,"Top of the Lake is a mystery drama television series created and written by Jane Champion and Gerard Lee, and directed by Champion and Garth Davis. It aired in 2013, and the sequel, entitled Top of the Lake : China Girl, in 2017. It marks Campion's first work for television since An Angel at My Table in 1990.",2017
who is the actor that played doctor strange,"Doctor Strange is a 2016 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the fourteenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) . The film was directed by Scott Derrick son, who wrote it with Jon Saints and C. Robert Cargill, and stars Benedict Cumberbatch as the titular character, along with Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Benedict Wong, Michael Stuhlbarg, Benjamin Brett, Scott Adkins, Mads Mikkelsen, and Tilda Swanton. In Doctor Strange, surgeon Strange learns the mystic arts after a career - ending car accident.",Benedict Cumberbatch
what does the father son and the holy spirit mean,"The Christian doctrine of the Trinity (Latin : Trinity, lit. ' Triad' , from things, `` threefold '') holds that God is three consubstantial persons or hypostases -- the Father, the Son (Jesus Christ) , and the Holy Spirit -- as `` one God in three Divine Persons ''. The three persons are distinct, yet are one `` substance, essence or nature '' (homoousios) . In this context, a `` nature '' is what one is, whereas a `` person '' is who is a one is. The opposing view is referred to as Trinitarianism.",The Christian doctrine of the Trinity
which law in india regulates the business contracts,"Indian contract law regulates contract law in India. The main contract law in India is codified in the Indian Contract Act 1872 which came into effect on September 1872 and is applicable in the whole country. It governs entering into contract, execution of contract, and the effects of breach of contract.",Indian contract law
what is the national anthem of sri lanka,"Sri Lanka Math (Sinhalese : ශ්‍රී ලංකා මාතා SRI Lanka Data ; Tamil : ஸ்ரீ லங்கா தாயே, transit. SRI Lanka Take) is the national anthem of Sri Lanka.",Sri Lanka Math
when did the three strikes law take effect,"In the United States, habitual offender laws (commonly referred to as three - strikes laws) were first implemented on March 1994 and are part of the United States Justice Department's Anti-Violence Strategy. These laws require a person guilty of committing both a severe violent felony and two other previous convictions to serve a mandatory life sentence in prison. The purpose of the laws is to drastically increase the punishment of those convicted of more than two serious crimes.","March, 1994"
who came up with the teenage mutant ninja turtles,"The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (often shortened to TMNT or Ninja Turtles) are four fictional teenaged anthropomorphic turtles named after Renaissance Italian artists. They were trained by their anthropomorphic rat sensei in the art of ninjutsu. From their home in the sewers of New York City, they battle petty criminals, evil overlords, mutated creatures, and alien invaders while attempting to remain hidden from society. They were created by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird.","Kevin Eastman, Peter Laird"
who made my little pony friendship is magic,"My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic is a children's animated fantasy television series created by Lauren Faust for Hasbro. The series is based on Hasbro's My Little Pony line of toys and animated works and is often referred by collectors as the fourth generation (`` G '') of the franchise. The series premiered on October 10, 2010, on The Hub cable channel. Hasbro selected animator Lauren Faust as the creative director and executive producer for the show. Faust sought to challenge the established nature of the existing My Little Pony line, creating more in - depth characters and adventurous settings ; she left the series during season, to be replaced by Meghan McCarthy as showrunner.",Lauren Faust
where is the queen mary docked in california,"In 25 -- 30 July 1943, Queen Mary carried 15,740 soldiers and 943 crews (total 16,683) , a standing record for the most passengers ever transported on one vessel. During this trip, while 700 miles (,100 km) from Scotland during a gale, she was suddenly hit broadside by a rogue wave that may have reached a height of 28 meters (92 ft) . An account of this crossing can be found in Carter's book. As quoted in the book, Carter's father, Dr. Normal Carter, part of the 110th Station Hospital on board at the time, wrote in a letter that at one point Queen Mary `` damned near capsized ... One moment the top deck was at its usual height and then, swoop ! Down, over, and forward she would pitch. '' It was calculated later that the ship rolled 52 degrees, and would have capsized had she rolled another degrees. The incident inspired Paul Gallic to write his novel, The Poseidon Adventure (1969) and carry the incident to a fictional extreme. This was adapted as a 1972 film by the same name, in which the SS Poseidon is turned upside - down, and the trapped passengers try to escape. Parts of the film were shot in the actual Queen Mary, conveniently docked in Long Beach.",In Long Beach
who does lou end up with on heartland,"At the beginning of the series, Lou moves back home from her job in New York City to help run Heartland. She is initially reluctant to stay in Hudson because she has a long - term boyfriend and a lucrative job in New York. Upon discovering Heartland's poor economic situation, she crafts a financial plan to pull the ranch out of debt and make it successful. However, she is told by a financial advisor at the bank that her presence at the ranch is essential to secure the loan necessary to implement her plan. Once Lou decides to stay, she runs the business end of Heartland, taking care of appointments and setting rates for stabling patient horses. She later sets her mind to starting a new business venture : The Heartland Equestrian Connection. This idea is met with much resistance, especially from Jack. Family members derisively refer to the business as the `` Dude Ranch '', and the name sticks, though no longer with its negative connotation. Along the way, Lou breaks up with her boyfriend from New York and tries to re-kindle a romance with the local vet, Scott Cardinal. In season two, Lou's relationship with Scott dissolves. She meets her future husband, Peter, thanks to a setup by Jack's girlfriend Lisa, and starts a secret relationship with him due to Peter's job in the oil industry. Lou had previously rallied the local ranchers against Peter's oil company, and expects Jack would not approve of her choice of boyfriend. Later, Lou's relationship with Peter is more public, and they marry at the end of season. They move to Dubai, but she soon feels very alone in such a foreign country and grows to miss Heartland and her family. When they move back home, Lou finds out she is pregnant. She later gives birth to a girl named Catherine Marion Minnie Fleming - Morris (often referred to as Katie) . After several failed attempts to buy a place of their own and even to build a home somewhere on the 600 acre property at Heartland, Lou and Peter buy Mr. Hanley's ranch from Mrs. Bell, and they plan to move into it and refurbish it. However, faulty wiring in the structure causes a fire, and the buildings and stables burn, leaving them no choice but to remain at Heartland. Lou has a positive relationship with her sister Amy, providing a listening ear and timely advice when she needs it, and Amy often plays the same role for Lou. Lou is also close with her father, Tim, and she is the first one to reconnect with him after Marion's death. In Season, Lou and Peter decide to adopt an orphan named Georgina Crawley, whom Jack had been fostering after discovering her hiding in the loft. In season, Lou and Peter start having relationship problems since Peter is constantly in Vancouver for his job. On Amy's advice, Lou goes to Vancouver to talk things over with him, but they decide to separate. Peter returns to Hudson to try to persuade Lou that they can work things out, but she is not interested, since nothing has changed. Lou later tries online dating, and seems to be falling for the new stable hand, Mitch. Peter visits regularly for his daughters, and interferes with Lou and Mitch's budding romance whenever he is at Heartland. In season, Lou buys Maggie's after Maggie moves to be with Soraya in London, England. She runs it with Tim, who acts as her business partner. Lou eventually works on bringing Maggie's to New York City and spends much of her time flying back and forth, with the rest of her family taking care of Georgie and Katie.",Mitch
where is the new tv series yellowstone filmed,"Principal photography for the series began in August 2017 at the Chief Joseph Ranch in Darby, Montana, which stands in as the home of John Button. Filming also took place that month near Park City, Utah. The production used all three sound stages at the Utah Film Studio in Park City, which is a total of 45,000 square feet. The building also houses offices, editing, a huge wardrobe department and construction shops. By November 2017, the series had filmed in more than twenty locations in Utah, including the Salt Flats and Spanish Fork. Additionally, filming also took place at various locations in Montana. Production was reportedly set to last until December 2017.","Darby, Montana, Park City, Utah, Salt Flats, Spanish Fork"
how long dose it take for hair to grow,"The three stages of hair growth are the managed, Catalan, and halogen phases. Each strand of hair on the human body is at its own stage of development. Once the cycle is complete, it restarts and a new strand of hair begins to form. The rate or speed of hair growth is about .25 centimeters or. Inches per month, or about 15 centimeters or inches per year.",Inches per year.
which is the largest fresh water lake in north east india,"OKTA Lake is the largest freshwater lake in Northeast India and is famous for the funds (heterogeneous mass of vegetation, soil and organic matter at various stages of decomposition) floating over it. The lake is located near Moi rang in Manipur state, India. The etymology of OKTA is OK = `` stream '' and take = `` the end ''. The largest of all the funds covers an area of 40 km (15 sq mi) and is situated on the southeastern shore of the lake. Located on this funds, Kabul LAMAO National Park is the only floating national park in the world. The park is the last natural refuge of the endangered Santa (state animal) , Numerous eldii or Manipur brown - antlered deer (Corvus eldi) , one of three subspecies of Eld's deer.",OKTA Lake
who played nova on planet of the apes,"Linda Nelson Harrison (born July 26, 1945) is an American television and film actress, and director and producer, who is internationally known for her role as Nova, Charlton Heston's mute mate in the science fiction film Planet of the Apes (1968) and the first sequel, Beneath the Planet of the Apes ; she also had a cameo in Tim Burton's 2001 remake of the original. She was a regular cast member of the 1969 - 70 NBC television series Bracken's World. She was the second wife of film producer Richard D. Zanuck (Jaws, Cocoon, Driving Miss Daisy, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory) ; her youngest son is producer Dean Zanuck (Road to Perdition, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory) .",Linda Nelson Harrison
which is the main purpose of a vision statement,"It is important that a mission statement is not confused with a vision statement. As discussed earlier, the main purpose of a mission statement is to get across the ambitions of an organization in a short and simple fashion, it is not necessary to go into detail for the mission statement which is evident in examples given. The reason why it is important that a mission statement and vision statement are not confused is because they both serve different purposes. Vision statements tend to be more related to strategic planning and lean more towards discussing where a company aims to be in the future.",Discussing where a company aims to be in the future
when did the concept of sustainable development come into existence,"While the modern concept of sustainable development is derived mostly from the 1987 Brushland Report, it is also rooted in earlier ideas about sustainable forest management and twentieth century environmental concerns. As the concept developed, it has shifted to focus more on economic development, social development and environmental protection for future generations. It has been suggested that `` the term' sustainability' should be viewed as humanity's target goal of human - ecosystem equilibrium (homeostasis) , while' sustainable development' refers to the holistic approach and temporal processes that lead us to the end point of sustainability ''. The modern economies are endeavoring to reconcile ambitious economic development and obligations of preserving the natural resources and ecosystem, the two are traditionally seen as of conflicting nature. Instead of holding climate change commitments and other sustainability measures as a drug to economic development, turning and leveraging them into market opportunities will do greater good. The economic development brought by such organized principles and practices in an economy is called Managed Sustainable Development (MSD) .",1987
who's the best selling artist of all time,"This list includes music artists with claims of 75 million or more record sales. The artists in the following tables are listed with both their claimed sales figure along with their total of certified units and are ranked in descending order, with the artist with the highest amount of claimed sales at the top. If two or more artists have the same claimed sales, they are then ranked by certified units. The claimed sales figure and the total of certified units (for each country) within the provided sources include sales of albums, singles, compilation - albums, music videos as well as downloads of singles and full - length albums. Sales figures, such as those from Sound scan, which are sometimes published by Billboard magazine, have not been included in the certified units' column. As of 2017, based on both sales claims and certified units, The Beatles are considered the highest - selling band. Elvis Presley is considered the highest - selling individual artist based on sales claims and Rihanna is the highest - selling individual artist based on certified units.",Elvis Presley
distance from las vegas to red wood forest,"The Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area in Nevada is an area managed by the Bureau of Land Management as part of its National Landscape Conservation System, and protected as a National Conservation Area. It is located about 15 miles (24 km) west of Las Vegas, and is easily seen from the Las Vegas Strip. The area is visited by more than two million people each year.",15 miles
the real story of the von trapp family book,"Maria Augusta von Trap (née Butcher ; 26 January 1905 -- 28 March 1987) , also known as Baroness on Trap, was the stepmother and matriarch of the Trap Family Singers. She wrote The Story of the Trap Family Singers which was published in 1949. The story served as the inspiration for the 1956 West German film The Trap Family, which in turn inspired the Broadway musical The Sound of Music (1959) and the 1965 film of the same name.",The Story of the Trap Family Singers
when does the eagle fly at auburn games,"Since 1930, and continuously since 1960, Auburn has kept an actual live golden eagle on campus. Since 2001 Auburn has presented an untethered eagle to fly over Jordan - Hare stadium prior to the start of football games. War Eagle VII, a golden eagle named Nova, along with Spirit, a bald eagle, perform the War Eagle Flight before all Auburn home games at Jordan -- Hare Stadium.",Prior to the start of football games
is there going to be another season of attack on titan,"The spin - off light novel series Before the Fall began in December 2011 and has received a manga adaptation. Two additional light novel series and four additional spin - off manga series have also been created. An anime television adaptation is being produced by Wit Studio and Production I. G, airing in Japan on MBS. The first season aired between April and September 2013, the second season aired between April and June 2017, and a third season is scheduled to be released in July 2018. Four video game adaptations developed by Nitro plus staffers in collaboration with Production I. G were announced to be released as bonus content for the third and sixth volumes of the Blu - ray Disc release of the anime, with another game developed by Spike Consort for the Nintendo DS. A two - part live - action film adaptation, Attack on Titan and Attack on Titan : End of the World, and a live - action web - series were released in 2015. An anime adaptation of the Junior High spin - off manga, produced by Production I. G, began airing in October 2015. Attack on Titan and all five spin - off manga are published in North America by Romansh Comics USA, while the three novel series are published by Vertical. The anime has been licensed by Animation for North America, by Manga Entertainment for the UK, and by Madman Entertainment for Australasia.",A third season is scheduled to be released in July 2018
what potion did harry potter take to get slughorn's memories,"Felix Felicia, more commonly known as Liquid Luck, grants whoever drinks it unusually good luck. The time span of this luck depends on the amount imbibed. Liquid Luck is one of the hardest potions to make, as noted by Horace Slughorn ; `` It has to be cooked for months on an extremely complicated formula, and if you make the tiniest mistake, the consequences are severe ''. Because of its properties, it is banned in all sporting events, competitions and examinations. In Rowling's original narrative, the potion looks akin to liquid gold. However, in the movie adaptation it is clear and water - like. Slughorn also noted that excessive consumption results in side effects that include giddiness and over zealousness, among other effects that are related to overconfidence. In Half - Blood Prince, Harry pretends to give some to Ron so that he will do well at Quidditch. Ron's luck turns for the better, with the confidence working as a placebo. Harry does use most of it later in the same novel in order to extract the true memory about Tom Riddle and Hercules from Slughorn (though it also has the pleasant side effect of causing Dean Thomas and Ginny Weasley to end their relationship) , and the rest is shared between Ron, Hermione, Neville Long bottom and Ginny the night Death Eaters break into Hogwarts.",Felix Felicia
speed a rocket has to be accelerated to in order to launch a satellite into orbit of the earth,"Orbital spaceflight from Earth has only been achieved by launch vehicles that use rocket engines for propulsion. To reach orbit, the rocket must impart to the payload a delta - v of about. -- 10 km / s. This figure is mainly (~. Km / s) for horizontal acceleration needed to reach orbital speed, but allows for atmospheric drag (approximately 300 m / s with the ballistic coefficient of a 20 m long dense fueled vehicle) , gravity losses (depending on burn time and details of the trajectory and launch vehicle) , and gaining altitude.",The rocket must impart to the payload a delta - v of about. -- 10 km / s
what is the tigers name off of aladdin,"Rajah (voiced by Frank Walker) is Princess Jasmine's pet tiger which displays dog and cat - like behavior ... Unlike Abu, he is not anthropomorphized, but is still able to understand human language and emotions, as seen when he is surprised by the revelation of Princess Jasmine that she has never had a true friend (except for Rajah himself) , or when he assists her in her escape from the palace. In the first film, Rajah is distrustful towards Aladdin at first, but later warms up to him. He also takes part in the battle against Afar, but is turned into a cub and imprisoned in a bird cage. He is returned to his original form at the end of the film after Aladdin finally defeats Afar.",Rajah
where is the heart's natural pacemaker located,"The contraction of cardiac muscle (heart muscle) in all animals is initiated by electrical impulses known as action potentials. The rate at which these impulses fire controls the rate of cardiac contraction, that is, the heart rate. The cells that create these rhythmic impulses, setting the pace for blood pumping, are called pacemaker cells, and they directly control the heart rate. They make up the cardiac pacemaker, that is, the natural pacemaker of the heart. In most humans, the concentration of pacemaker cells in the sinoatrial (SA) node is the natural pacemaker, and the resultant rhythm is a sinus rhythm.",Sinoatrial (SA) node
who does lex luthor created in batman vs superman,"Author executes his backup plan, unleashing a genetically engineered monster with DNA from both Zod's body and his own blood. Diana Prince arrives unexpectedly ; revealing her metahuman nature, she joins forces with Batman and Superman to eliminate the creature. When they are all outmatched, Superman realizes its vulnerability to kryptonite, and retrieves the spear to kill it. In the creature's last moments, it kills Superman.",A genetically engineered monster with DNA from both Zod's body and his own blood
who's going to be in the college championship,The 2018 College Football Playoff National Championship was a college football bowl game that determined the national champion in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision for the 2017 season. The Alabama Crimson Tide defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 26 -- 23 in overtime. Alabama overcame a 13 -- deficit at halftime. TUA Tagovailoa and The'Ron Payne were respectively named the offensive and defensive players of the game.,"Alabama Crimson Tide, Georgia Bulldogs"
who played hal in malcolm in the middle,"Bryan Lee Cranston (born March 1956) is an American actor, voice actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He is best known for portraying Walter White on the AMC crime drama series Breaking Bad, Hal on the Fox comedy series Malcolm in the Middle, and Dr. Tim Whitley on the NBC comedy series Seinfeld.",Bryan Lee Cranston
who was the child who played little ricky on i love lucy,"Keith Thibodeaux (born December 1950) is a former American child actor of television and film and musician, best known for playing Little Ricky on the television sitcom's I Love Lucy and The Lucy - Desi Comedy Hour, his last name `` Thibodeaux '' which was Cajun French was changed by co-star Desi Area, to `` Keith '' because his surname was more difficult to pronounce. He is the last living regular appearing cast member from I Love Lucy",Keith Thibodeaux
when did world war 2 start in asia,"The Empire of Japan aimed to dominate Asia and the Pacific and was already at war with the Republic of China in 1937, but the world war is generally said to have begun on September 1939 with the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany and subsequent declarations of war on Germany by France and the United Kingdom. Supplied by the Soviet Union, from late 1939 to early 1941, in a series of campaigns and treaties, Germany conquered or controlled much of continental Europe, and formed the Axis alliance with Italy and Japan. Under the Molotov -- Ribbentrop Pact of August 1939, Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories of their European neighbors, Poland, Finland, Romania and the Baltic States. The war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the coalition of the United Kingdom and the British Commonwealth, with campaigns including the North Africa and East Africa campaigns, the aerial Battle of Britain, the Blitz bombing campaign, the Balkan Campaign as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic. On 22 June 1941, the European Axis powers launched an invasion of the Soviet Union, opening the largest land theater of war in history, which trapped the major part of the Axis military forces into a war of attrition. In December 1941, Japan attacked the United States and European colonies in the Pacific Ocean, and quickly conquered much of the Western Pacific.",September 1939
who does the song spirit in the sky,"`` Spirit in the Sky '' is a song written and originally recorded by Norman Greenback and released in late 1969. The single became a gold record, selling two million copies from 1969 to 1970 and reached number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart (April 18, 1970) , where it lasted for 15 weeks in the Top 100. Billboard ranked the record the No. 22 song of 1970. It also climbed to number one on the UK, Australian and Canadian charts in 1970. Rolling Stone ranked `` Spirit in the Sky '' No. 333 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. The song was featured on the 1969 album of the same name. Cover versions by Doctor and the Medics and Gareth Gates have also made the number spot in the UK.",Norman Greenback
who is assigned to take hamlet to england,"Hamlet jokes with Claudius about where he has hidden Polonius's body, and the king, fearing for his life, sends Rosencrantz and Guildenstern to accompany Hamlet to England with a sealed letter to the English king requesting that Hamlet be executed immediately.","Rosencrantz, Guildenstern"
what kind of animal is boots from dora,"The series centers around Dora, a (Later) year old American girl of Indigenous Mexican heritage, with a love of embarking on quests related to an activity that she wants to partake of or a place that she wants to go to, accompanied by her talking purple backpack and anthropomorphic monkey companion named Boots (named for his beloved pair of red boots) . Each episode is based around a series of cyclical events that occur along the way during Dora's travels, along with obstacles that she and Boots are forced to overcome or puzzles that they have to solve (with `` assistance '' from the viewing audience) relating to riddles, the Spanish language, or counting. Common rituals may involve Dora's encounters with Sniper, a bipedal, anthropomorphic masked thieving fox whose theft of the possessions of others must be prevented through fourth wall - breaking interaction with the viewer. To stop Sniper, Dora must say `` Sniper no swiping '' three times. However, on occasions where Sniper steals the belongings of other people, the viewer is presented with the challenge of helping Boots and Dora locate the stolen items. Another obstacle involves encounters with another one of the program's antagonists ; the `` Grumpy Old Troll '' dwelling beneath a bridge that Dora and Boots must cross, who challenges them with a riddle before permitting them the past that needs to be solved with the viewer's help. Known for the constant breaking of the fourth - wall depicted in every episode, the audience is usually presented to two primary landmarks that must be passed before Dora can reach her destination, normally being challenged with games or puzzles along the way. The episode always ends with Dora successfully reaching the locale, singing the `` We Did It ! '' song with Boots in triumph.",Anthropomorphic monkey
where is the republic day of india celebrated,"The main Republic Day celebration is held in the national capital, New Delhi, at the Rajah before the President of India. On this day, ceremonious parades take place at the Rajah, which are performed as a tribute to India ; its unity in diversity and rich cultural heritage.","In the national capital, New Delhi, At the Rajah before the President of India"
how long is the legend of korra game,"The game takes about four to six hours to play through, but contains `` a New Game+ of sorts ''. These include an endless runner with Nāga, and pro-bending matches, where teams of three tries to bend each other out of an arena. This mode, which implements the pro-bending rules depicted in the series, is available after completing the game, with the player controlling the `` Fire Ferrets '' team made up of Korea and her friends Make and Colin.",About four to six hours
which section of the kidney does the glomerulus belong to,"The glomerulus (/ ɡləˈmɛr (j) SL is, low - /) , plural glomeruli, is a network of capillaries known as a tuft, located at the beginning of a nephron in the kidney. The tuft is structurally supported by intraglomerular menial cells. The blood is filtered across the capillary walls of this tuft through the glomerular filtration barrier, which yields its filtrate of water and soluble substances to a cup - like sac known as Bowman's capsule. The filtrate then enters the renal tubule, of the nephron.",The beginning of a nephron
who plays the bad guy in elmo in grouchland,Mandy Painting as Huxley,Mandy Painting
where is longitudinal growth occurring in long bones,"Endochondral ossification is responsible for the initial bone development from cartilage in uteri and infants and the longitudinal growth of long bones in the epiphyses plate. The plate's chondrocytes are under constant division by mitosis. These daughter cells stack facing the epiphysis while the older cells are pushed towards the diaphysis. As the older chondrocytes degenerate, osteoblasts ossify the remains to form new bone. In puberty increasing levels of estrogen, in both females and males, leads to increased apoptosis of chondrocytes in the epiphyses plate. Depletion of chondrocytes due to apoptosis leads to less ossification and growth slows down and later stops when the entire cartilage have become replaced by bone, leaving only a thin epiphyses scar which later disappears.",In the epiphyses plate
when will the new predator movie be released,"The film stars Boyd Holbrook, Olivia Mann, Create Rhodes, Keegan - Michael Key, Sterling K. Brown, Jacob Tremblay, Yvonne Swarovski, Alfie Allen, and Thomas Jane. It completed filming in June 2017, and is set to be released on September 14, 2018, by 20th Century Fox in IMAX, D, as well as standard formats.","September 14, 2018"
who is the actor that plays jesus on walking dead,Thomas Payne (born 21 December 1982) is an English actor. He is best known for appearing on AMC's The Walking Dead as Paul `` Jesus '' Movie.,Thomas Payne
when was the last time collingwood played finals,"In 2018 Collingwood made the finals for the first time since 2013, finishing in third place behind West Coast and Richmond. Losing the Second Qualifying Final to West Coast, they went on to beat GWS and the reigning premiers Richmond to reach the 2018 Grand Final, where they were defeated 79 - 74 by the West Coast Eagles.",2013
when did automatic weapons become legal in america,"The Public Safety and Recreational Firearms Act was enacted as part of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994. The prohibitions expired on September 13, 2004.","September 13, 2004"
which country was invited to the london olympics 1948 but did not attend,"The event came to be known as the Austerity Games, because of the difficult economic climate and rationing imposed in the aftermath of World War II. No new venues were built for the games (with events taking place mainly at Wembley Stadium and the Empire Pool at Wembley Park) , and athletes were housed in existing accommodation at the Wembley area instead of an Olympic Village, as were the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games and the subsequent 1952 Games. A record 59 nations were represented by, 104 athletes,,714 men and 390 women, in 19 sport disciplines. Germany and Japan were not invited to participate in the games ; however, the Soviet Union was invited but chose not to send any athletes. The United States team won the most total medals, 84, and the most gold medals, 38. The host nation won 23 medals, three of them gold.",Soviet Union
where was the fa cup final played before wembley,"After the 1873 final was held at Lillie Bridge, the event was held at the Oval until 1892. The 1893 and 1894 finals were respectively held at Fallow field Stadium in Manchester and Goodson Park in Liverpool, before the event returned to London in 1895, being held at Crystal Palace until the outbreak of World War I. After the war, the event was held at Stamford Bridge, before Wembley Stadium opened in 1923. The first final at Wembley, in which Bolton Wanderers beat West Ham United --, had an official attendance of 126,047, although the actual figure is believed to be as much as 300,000.",Stamford Bridge
where does the constitution say separation of church and state,"`` Separation of church and state '' is paraphrased from Thomas Jefferson and used by others in expressing an understanding of the intent and function of the Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States which reads : `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ... ''",First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States
where does the tour de france race end,"Traditionally, the race is held primarily in the month of July. While the route changes each year, the format of the race stays the same with the appearance of time trials, the passage through the mountain chains of the Pyrenees and the Alps, and the finish on the Champs-Élysées in Paris. The modern editions of the Tour de France consist of 21 day - long segments (stages) over a 23 - day period and cover around, 500 kilometers (,200 mi) . The race alternates between clockwise and counterclockwise circuits of France.",The Champs-Élysées in Paris
where does the show southern charm take place,"Southern Charm is an American reality television series that made its first debut on March 2014 on Bravo. The series chronicles the personal and professional lives of seven socialites who reside in Charleston, South Carolina. The show focuses on the southern culture and political history of the area, and has featured local historical places like Lewis field Plantation and the Mikell House.","Charleston, South Carolina"
who played willie lopez in the movie ghost,"Rick Avilés (October 14, 1952 -- March 17, 1995) was an American stand - up comedian and actor of Puerto Rican descent, best remembered for portraying the villainous Willie Lopez in the film Ghost.",Rick Avilés
where was the white man's burden published,"`` The White Man's Burden : The United States and the Philippine Islands '' is a 1899 poem by Rudyard Kipling about the Philippine -- American War (1899 -- 1902) , which invites the United States to assume colonial control of that country. The poem was published in The New York Sun on 10 February 1899.",The New York Sun
4. what does c stand for in case of disk scheduling algorithms,"One variation of this method ensures all requests are serviced in only one direction, that is, once the head has arrived at the outer edge of the disk, it returns to the beginning and services the new requests in this one direction only (or vice versa) . This is known as the `` Circular Elevator Algorithm '' or C - SCAN. Although the time of the return seek is wasted, this results in more equal performance for all head positions, as the expected distance from the head is always half the maximum distance, unlike in the standard elevator algorithm where cylinders in the middle will be serviced as much as twice as often as the innermost or outermost cylinders.",Circular Elevator Algorithm
what harry potter movie is after prisoner of azkaban,"The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Print and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It also features well - known actors in supporting roles, including Gary Oldman as Sirius Black, David Thesis as Remus Lupin, Michael Gabon (in his debut in the role of Albus Dumbledore) , Emma Thompson as Sybil Breakaway and Timothy Small as Peter Pedigree. It is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and is followed by Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.",Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
who sings the nfl thursday night football song,"The first game produced by NBC Sports was broadcast exclusively on NFL Network on November 2016, while the first game simulcast nationally on NBC aired on November 17. A cappella group Pentatonic recorded a reworked version of their song `` Sing '' (`` Weekend Go '') to serve as the opening theme song for NBC's Thursday Night Football telecasts ; NBC also commissioned new instrumental theme music by Jimmy GREC, `` Can't Hold Us Down '', which was performed by members of the orchestra from the Broadway musical Hamilton. Both were retained for NBC's games in 2017.","Pentatonic, Members of the orchestra from the Broadway musical Hamilton"
when do they play sweet caroline at the red sox games,"The song has been played at Fenway Park, home of Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox, since at least 1997, and in the middle of the eighth inning at every game since 2002. On opening night of the 2010 season at Fenway Park, the song was performed by Diamond himself. `` Sweet Caroline '' was played at Penn State Nittany Lions football games at Beaver Stadium until August 2012, halting after the Penn State child sex abuse scandal. Performances at Beaver Stadium resumed in September 2013, however. The song is played at the start of the fourth quarter of Pittsburgh Panthers Football games at Heinz Field. In response, West Virginia University students in turn will yell `` EAT S PITT '' during the refrain if heard played. It is also an unofficial song of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, being played at athletic events and pep rallies.",In the middle of the eighth inning
what is the time zone for the us,The Atlantic standard time zone The Eastern Standard Time zone The Central Standard Time zone The Mountain standard time zone The Pacific standard time zone The Alaska standard time zone The Hawaii -- Aleutian standard time zone The Samoa standard time zone The Chamorro standard time zone,"The Atlantic standard time zone, The Eastern Standard Time zone, The Central Standard Time zone, The Mountain standard time zone, The Pacific standard time zone, The Alaska standard time zone, The Hawaii -- Aleutian standard time zone, The Samoa standard time zone, The Chamorro standard time zone"
who played barry in close encounters of the third kind,"Cary Guffaw (born May 10, 1972) is a former American child actor. He is best remembered for his debut in the role of Barry Guilder in the film Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977) .",Cary Guffaw
who plays the music for game of thrones,"The music for the fantasy TV series Game of Thrones is composed by Rain Hawaii. The music is primarily instrumental with the occasional vocal performances, and is created to support musically the characters and plots of the show. It features various themes, the most prominent being the Main Title that accompanies the series' title sequence. In every season, a soundtrack album would be released.",Rain Hawaii
what is the purpose of online shopping websites,"Online shopping is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser. Consumers find a product of interest in visiting the website of the retailer directly or by searching among alternative vendors using a shopping search engine, which displays the same product's availability and pricing at different e-retailers. As of 2016, customers can shop online using a range of different computers and devices, including desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers and smartphones.",Allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser
when did the yankees become a baseball team,"The history of the New York Yankees Major League Baseball (MLB) team spans more than a century. Frank J. Farrell and William Stephen Every bought the rights to an American League (AL) club in New York City after the 1902 season. The team, which became known as the Yankees in 1913, rarely contended for the AL championship before the acquisition of outfielder Babe Ruth after the 1919 season. With Ruth in the lineup, the Yankees won their first AL title in 1921, followed by their first World Series championship in 1923. Ruth and first baseman Lou Gehrig were part of the team's Murderers' Row lineup, which led the Yankees to a then - AL record 110 wins and a Series championship in 1927 under Miller Huggins. They repeated as World Series winners in 1928, and their next title came under manager Joe McCarthy in 1932.",After the 1902 season
after complete oxidation of a glucose molecule how many number of atp molecules are formed,"Aerobic metabolism is up to 15 times more efficient than anaerobic metabolism (which yields molecules ATP per molecule glucose) . However, some anaerobic organisms, such as methanogens are able to continue with anaerobic respiration, yielding more ATP by using other inorganic molecules (not oxygen) as final electron acceptors in the electron transport chain. They share the initial pathway of glycolysis, but aerobic metabolism continues with the Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation. The post-glycolytic reactions take place in the mitochondria in eukaryotic cells, and in the cytoplasm in prokaryotic cells.",Molecules ATP
what is the name of the chameleon in tangled,"Pascal and Maximus first appear in Tangled (2010) . Introduced as the pet and best friend of Rapunzel, Pascal is a chameleon who lives with Rapunzel in Mother Gothel's secluded tower. Although Rapunzel pretends to be happy living in isolation under Gothel's strict, controlling parenting, Pascal refuses to hide his discontent. Meanwhile, Maximus and thief Flynn Rider share a bitter animosity ; as a police horse, Maximus is determined to arrest Flynn Rider for stealing a crown. Seeking refuge from Maximus, Flynn hides in Gothel's tower where he is quickly incapacitated by Rapunzel, and he and Pascal immediately adopt a love - hate relationship. Determined to see the mysterious `` floating lights '' in time for her eighteenth birthday, Rapunzel agrees to return Flynn's crown to him only after he escorts her to safely to the kingdom. Meanwhile, Maximus, who continues his search for Flynn, inadvertently tips off Other that Rapunzel, on whose magical hair she relies to stay alive, has left the tower accompanied by Flynn. With her life in danger, she desperately pursues them.",Pascal
how much cash do you get in monopoly,"Newer (September 2008 and later) U.S. editions instead provide a total of $20,580 -- 30 of each denomination. The colors of some bills are also changed : $10 s are now colored blue instead of yellow, $20 s are a brighter color green than before, and $50 s are now colored purple instead of blue. Each player begins the game with his or her token on the Go square, and $, 500 (or, 500 of a localized currency) in play money (,500 with the Speed Die) . Prior to September 2008, the money was divided with greater numbers of 20 and 10 dollar bills. Since then, the U.S. version has taken on the British version's initial cash distributions.","$, 500 (or, 500 of a localized currency)"
how many miles out to sea is international waters,"Territorial waters or a territorial sea, as defined by the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, is a belt of coastal waters extending at most 12 nautical miles (22. Km ; 13. me) from the baseline (usually the mean low - watermark) of a coastal state. The territorial sea is regarded as the sovereign territory of the state, although foreign ships (civilian) are allowed innocent passage through it, or transit passage for straits ; this sovereignty also extends to the airspace over and seabed below. Adjustment of these boundaries is called, in international law, maritime delimitation.",12 nautical miles
who wrote the song here i am lord,"`` Here I Am, Lord '', also known by its first line, `` I, the Lord of sea and sky '', is a Christian hymn written by Dan Shuttle in 1981. Its words are based on Isaiah : and Samuel. It is published by OCP Publications and has become one of the most well known Catholic hymns in use today.",Dan Shuttle
when does lori find out she is pregnant,"`` Secrets '' is the sixth episode of the second season and 12th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead. It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 20, 2011. In this episode, Glenn (Steven Yen) tells Dale Format (Jeffrey Demand) that Lori Grimes (Sarah Wayne Callie's) is pregnant and there are numerous walkers in the Greene barn. Dale confronts Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) about hoarding walkers in his barn. Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bertha) attempts to teach Andrea (Laurie Holden) how to use weapons and Lori agonizes over the decision to terminate her pregnancy or keep the baby.",The sixth episode of the second season
who votes for president if no electoral college majority,"If no candidate for president receives a majority of electoral votes for president, the Twelfth Amendment provides that the House of Representatives will select the president, with each of the fifty state delegations casting one vote. If no candidate for vice president receives a majority of electoral votes for vice president, then the Senate will select the vice president, with each of the 100 senators having one vote.",The House of Representatives
according to it's long running tourism slogan virginia is for whom,"`` Virginia is for Lovers '' is the tourism and travel slogan of the U.S. commonwealth of Virginia. Used since 1969, it has become a well - recognized and often imitated part of American jargon. In 2012, Advertising Age called `` Virginia is for Lovers '' `` one of the most iconic ad campaigns in the past 50 years. ''",Lovers
when did canada gain their independence from britain,"Although responsible government had existed in Canada since 1848, Britain continued to set its foreign and defense policies until the end of the First World War. The passing of the Statute of Westminster in 1931 recognized that Canada had become co-equal with the United Kingdom. After the Constitution was repatriated in 1982, the final vestiges of legal dependence on the British parliament were removed. Canada currently consists of ten provinces and three territories and is a parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II as its head of state.",1982
when will the 2018 nhl schedule be released,"The regular season will begin on October 2018, and will end on April 2019. Each team will receive a five - day `` bye week '', all of which will take place in mid-January. The regular season schedule was released on June 21.",Released on June 21
when did university of maryland win the national championship,"Gary Williams, who coached the Terrapins from 1989 to 2011, led the program to its greatest success, including two consecutive Final Fours, which culminated in the 2002 NCAA National Championship. Under Williams, Maryland appeared in eleven straight NCAA Tournaments from 1994 to 2004. He retired in May 2011 and was replaced by former Texas A&M coach Mark Surgeon.",2002
who sang it's the last song i'll ever write for you,"`` The Last Song I'll Write for You '' is a song recorded by American Idol season winner and singer-songwriter David Cook. It was released independently as a single through Cook's imprint Analog Heart Music on May 2012, following his departure from RCA Records.",David Cook
how many sets of twins do the duggars have,"The Dug gars initially chose to wait before having children and used birth control pills in the early years of their marriage. Their eldest child, Joshua, was born in 1988. They resumed using oral contraceptives after his birth but conceived again despite this precaution. Michelle miscarried. She has mentioned that they named that child Caleb, despite not knowing the baby's gender. After consulting a doctor, the Dug gars learned that birth control can in some cases allow conception but cause miscarriage. As a result, they decided to stop using birth control and allow God to determine the number of children they would have. Michelle soon became pregnant again, this time with her first set of twins, Jana and John - David. Michelle gave birth 17 times (twice with twins) over a period of 21 and a half years, approximately one birth every 15 months on average.",Twice with twins
who goes first in chess black or white,"In chess, the player who moves first is referred to as `` White '' and the player who moves second is referred to as `` Black ''. Similarly, the pieces that all conducts are called, respectively, `` the white pieces '' and `` the black pieces ''. The pieces are often not literally white and black, but some other colors (usually a light color and a dark color, respectively) . The 64 squares of the chessboard, which is colored in a checkered pattern, are likewise referred to as `` white squares '' or `` light squares '' on the one hand, and `` black squares '' or `` dark squares '' on the other. In most cases, the squares are not actually white and black, but a light color and a contrasting dark color. For example, the squares on plastic boards are often off-white (`` buff '') and green, while those on wood boards are often light brown and dark brown.",White
what state is area code 978 in usa,"Area code 978 was created as a split from area code 508 on September 1997 and covers north central and most of northeastern Massachusetts (LATE code 128) . Use of 978 became mandatory February 1998. Prior to when this area was served by 508 (July 1988) , it was served only by the 617 area code, along with the rest of the eastern two - thirds of the state. 351 has been sharing the service area since May 2001. Since then, 10 digit local dialing is mandatory.",Massachusetts
actor who plays king george in the crown,"Jared Francis Harris (born 24 August 1961) is an English actor, best known for his roles as Lane Price in the television drama series Mad Men, David Robert Jones in the science fiction series Fringe, King George VI in the historical series The Crown, Anderson Dawes on the science fiction series The Expanse and captain Francis Crosier in the AMC series The Terror. He has also had significant supporting roles in films such as The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008) , Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows (2011) , Lincoln (2012) , and Allied (2016) .",Jared Francis Harris
how many seats does anc have in parliament 2016,"13 Different political parties are represented in this parliament. The majority party in the 25th parliament, the African National Congress (ANC) retained its majority, although it was reduced to 249 (62 %) seats, down from 264 seats out of 400 (66 %) , while the Democratic Alliance (DA) increased its lead of the opposition, taking 89 (22.23 %) seats, up from 67 seats (16.75 %) in the National Assembly of the 25th parliament. The Speaker of the National Assembly, Balkan Mete and Chairperson of the National Council of Provinces, Than Modish, both of the ANC, were elected on 21 May 2014 by members of parliament. The presiding officers of parliament, Malala Toronto, Cedric Frolic and Those Ibiza were elected on 18 June 2014.",249
where do the cuts of steak come from,"Cuts of beef are first divided into primal cuts, pieces of meat initially separated from the carcass during butchering. These are basic sections from which steaks and other subdivisions are cut. The term `` primal cut '' is quite different from `` prime cut '', used to characterize cuts considered to be of higher quality. Since the animal's legs and neck muscles do the most work, they are the toughest ; the meat becomes more tender as distance from hoof and horn increases. Different countries and cuisines have different cuts and names, and sometimes use the same name for a different cut ; e.g., the cut described as `` brisket '' in the US is from a significantly different part of the carcass than British brisket. `` Cut '' often refers narrowly to skeletal muscle (sometimes attached to bones) , but can also include other edible flesh, such as offal (organ meat) or bones without significant muscles attached.",Pieces of meat initially separated from the carcass during butchering
when does a baby lose their startle reflex,"The Moro reflex is an infantile reflex normally present in all infants / newborns up to or months of age as a response to a sudden loss of support, when the infant feels as if it is falling. It involves three distinct components :",Or months of age
who narrates a song of ice and fire,"Roy Do trice, OBE (born 26 May 1923) is a British actor known for his Tony Award-winning Broadway performance in the revival of A Moon for the Misbegotten. Film audiences know him best for his role as Leopold Mozart in the Oscar - winning film Amadeus. He is also known for narrating the audiobook versions of the A Song of Ice and Fire series.",Roy Do trice
who plays wyatt on the bold and the beautiful,"Darin Lee Brooks (born May 27, 1984) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Max Brady on the NBC drama series Days of Our Lives, Alex Moran on the Spike TV series Blue Mountain State, and Wyatt Spencer on the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.",Darin Lee Brooks
baby guinness ingredients 3 4 shot 3 parts coffee liqueur,"Commonly used ingredients / shot (parts) Coffee liqueur, / shot (part) Irish cream","Coffee liqueur, Irish cream"
how many state representatives are there in ohio,"Members are limited to four consecutive two - year elected terms (terms are considered consecutive if they are separated by less than two years) . Time served by appointment to fill out another representative's uncompleted term does not count against the term limit. There are 99 members in the house, elected from single - member districts. Every even - numbered year, all the seats are up for re-election.",99
who has home court advantage for nba finals,"Each conference's bracket is fixed ; there is no reseeding. All rounds are best - of - seven series ; the team that has four wins advances to the next round. All rounds, including the NBA Finals, are in a -- -- -- -- format. Home court advantage in any round does not necessarily belong to the higher - seeded team, but instead to the team with the better regular season record. If two teams with the same record meet in a round, standard tiebreaker rules are used. The rule for determining home court advantage in the NBA Finals is winning percentage, then head-to-head record, followed by record vs. opposite conference.",The team with the better regular season record
who wrote the touch of the master's hand,"`` The Touch of the Master's Hand '', also sometimes called The Old Violin, is a Christian poem written in 1921 by Myra Brooks Welch.",Myra Brooks Welch
when was the road to key west built,"The Overseas Highway is a 113 - mile (181. Km) highway carrying U.S. Route (US) through the Florida Keys. Large parts of it were built on the former right - of - way of the Overseas Railroad, the Key West Extension of the Florida East Coast Railway. Completed in 1912, the Overseas Railroad was heavily damaged and partially destroyed in the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935. The Florida East Coast Railway was financially unable to rebuild the destroyed sections, so the roadbed and remaining bridges were sold to the state of Florida for $640,000.",Completed in 1912
who won the champions league twenty20 in 2013,"Sydney Mixers were the defending champions, but they failed to qualify for the event. During the finals on October 2013, in a re-match of the opening game, the Mumbai Indians won their ND CLT20 title after bowling out the Rajasthan Royals, defeating them by 33 runs.",Mumbai Indians
who does robert de niro play in the godfather part 2,"The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo, starring Al Pacino and Robert De Niro. Partially based on Puzo's 1969 novel The Godfather, the film is both sequel and prequel to The Godfather, presenting parallel dramas : one picks up the 1958 story of Michael Corleone (Pacino) , the new Don of the Corleone crime family, protecting the family business in the aftermath of an attempt on his life ; the prequel covers the journey of his father, Vito Corleone (De Niro) , from his Sicilian childhood to the founding of his family enterprise in New York City.",Vito Corleone
how many general officers are there in the us army,"The United States Code explicitly limits the total number of general officers (termed flag officers in the Navy and Coast Guard) that may be on active duty at any given time. The total number of active duty general officers is capped at 231 for the Army, 62 for the Marine Corps, 198 for the Air Force, and 162 for the Navy. No more than about 25 % of a service's active duty general or flag officers may have more than two stars, and statute sets the total number of four - star officers allowed in each service. This is set at four - star Army generals, four - star Air Force generals, four - star Marine generals, and four - star Navy admirals.",231
what kind of story is the great gatsby,"The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West and East Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922. The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan. Considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus, The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence, idealism, resistance to change, social upheaval, and excess, creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream.",A cautionary tale regarding the American Dream.
when was the united states postal service started,"The U.S. Mail traces its roots to 1775 during the Second Continental Congress, when Benjamin Franklin was appointed the first postmaster general. The Post Office Department was created in 1792 from Franklin's operation, elevated to a cabinet - level department in 1872, and transformed in 1971 into the U.S. Postal Service as an independent agency.",1792
the first foreigner to receive bharat ratna was,"There is no formal provision that recipients of the Bharat Patna should be Indian citizens. It has been awarded to a naturalized Indian citizen, Mother Teresa in 1980, and to two non-Indians, Khan Abdul Shaffer Khan of Pakistan in 1987 and the former South African president Nelson Mandela in 1990. Şahin Tendulkar, at the age of 40, became the youngest person and first athlete to receive the honor. In a special ceremony on 18 April 1958, Honda Keisha Carve was awarded on his 100th birthday. As of 2015, the award has been conferred upon 45 people with 12 posthumous declarations.",Khan Abdul Shaffer Khan
who did chris pratt play in guardians of the galaxy,"Pratt achieved leading man status in 2014 after starring in two critically and commercially successful films, Warner Animation Group's The Lego Movie as Emmett Brickwork and Marvel Studios' Guardians of the Galaxy as Star - Lord. In 2015, he starred in Jurassic World, the fourth installment in the Jurassic Park franchise, which was his most financially successful film up until the release of Infinity War ; he reprised the former role in the sequel Jurassic World : Fallen Kingdom in 2018. In 2015, Time named Pratt one of the 100 most influential people in the world on the annual Time 100 list.",Star - Lord
what occurs at a full moon when the earth is directly between the moon and the sun,"A lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes directly behind Earth and into its shadow. This can occur only when the Sun, Earth, and Moon are exactly or very closely aligned (in Sydney) , with Earth between the other two. A lunar eclipse can occur only on the night of a full moon. The type and length of a lunar eclipse depend on the Moon's proximity to either node of its orbit.",A lunar eclipse
the fundamental laws of motion were formulated by,"Newton's laws of motion are three physical laws that, together, laid the foundation for classical mechanics. They describe the relationship between a body and the forces acting upon it, and its motion in response to those forces. More precisely, the first law defines the force qualitatively, the second law offers a quantitative measure of the force, and the third asserts that a single isolated force doesn't exist. These three laws have been expressed in several ways, over nearly three centuries, and can be summarized as follows :",Newton
what are the three races to win the triple crown,"In the United States, the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, commonly known as the Triple Crown, is a title awarded to a three - year - old Thoroughbred horse who wins the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stakes. The three races were inaugurated in different years, the last being the Kentucky Derby in 1875. These races are now run annually in May and early June of each year. The Triple Crown Trophy, commissioned in 1950 but awarded to all previous winners as well as those after 1950, is awarded to a Triple Crown winner.","Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, Belmont Stakes"
who does the voice of jessie in toy story,"Jessie is voiced by Joan Cu sack in all the films, while Mary Kay Bergman voiced her yodels and `` Woody's Roundup '' TV - show voice in Toy Story. Bergman died just before Toy Story was released, so the film was dedicated to her.",Joan Cu sack
what is a pre authorized credit card payment,"Authorization hold (also card authorization, preauthorization, or preauth) is the practice within the banking industry of verifying electronic transactions initiated with a debit card or credit card and rendering this balance as unavailable until either the merchant clears the transaction, also called settlement, or the hold `` falls off. ''","The practice within the banking industry of verifying electronic transactions initiated with a debit card or credit card and rendering this balance as unavailable until either the merchant clears the transaction, Also called settlement, Or the hold `` falls off. ''"
who created the people's republic of china,"The history of the People's Republic of China details the history of mainland China since October 1949, when, after a near complete victory by the Communist Party of China (CPC) in the Chinese Civil War, Mao Zedong proclaimed the People's Republic of China (PRC) from atop Tiananmen. The PRC has for several decades been synonymous with China, but it is only the most recent political entity to govern mainland China, preceded by the Republic of China (ROC) and thousands of years of imperial dynasties.",Mao Zedong
where is the world fastest roller coaster located,"Formula Ross (Arabic : فورمولا روسا) is a launched roller coaster located at Ferrari World in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Manufactured by Vitamin, Formula Ross is the world's the fastest roller coaster with a top speed of 240 km / h (150 mph) .","Ferrari World in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates"
who played claire kincaid on law & order,"Assistant District Attorney Claire Kincaid is a fictional character on the television series Law & Order, played by Jill Hennessy from 1993 to 1996. She appeared in 69 episodes (68 of Law & Order, and the Homicide : Life on the Street episode `` For God and Country '') .",Jill Hennessy
who plays amy on the secret life of an american teenager,"India Joy Easley (born October 29, 1993) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Ashley Jürgen in the ABC Family television series The Secret Life of the American Teenager, and her roles as Eve in 2012 film Underworld : Awakening, Saw in the 2014 film Kite, and Adrian in the 2016 television film My Sweet Adrian.",India Joy Easley
when does season 6 of house of cards,"The sixth and final season of the American political drama web television series House of Cards was confirmed by Netflix on December 2017, and is scheduled to be released on November 2018. Unlike previous seasons that consisted of thirteen episodes each, the sixth season will consist of only eight. The season will not include former lead actor Kevin Spacey, who was fired from the show due to sexual misconduct allegations.","November, 2018"
who sings waiting for the world to change,"`` Waiting on the World to Change '' is a song by American singer-songwriter John Mayer. It was released as the lead single from his third studio album, Continuum (2006) , on August 2006. The song enjoyed commercial success as a single and won the Grammy for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards.",John Mayer
who won season 8 america's next top model,"The winner was 20 - year - old Jaylene Gonzalez from Chicago, Illinois, who notably had made it to the semi-finals of cycle, but was not cast. Gonzalez became the first winner without any bottom two appearance.",Jaylene Gonzalez
who plays mimi on the drew carey show,"Kathy Kinney (born November 1954) is an American actress and comedian. She gained considerable popularity in the late 1990s for playing Mimi Beck, the outrageously made - up, flamboyantly vulgar, and vindictive nemesis of Drew Carey on the sitcom The Drew Carey Show. She had been involved with television, feature films, and stage work for years.",Kathy Kinney
where is the high court of kerala located,"The High Court of Kerala is the highest court in the Indian state of Kerala and in the Union Territory of Lakshadweep. It is headquartered at Koch. Drawing its powers under Article 226 of the Constitution of India, the High Court has the power to issue directions, orders and writs including the writs of habeas corpus, mandamus, prohibition, quo warrant and certiorari for ensuring the enforcement of the Fundamental Rights guaranteed by the Constitution to citizens or for other specified purposes. The High Court is empowered with original, appellate and revision jurisdiction in civil as well as criminal matters, and the power to answer references to it under some statutes. The High Court has the superintendence and historical jurisdiction over all courts and tribunals of inferior jurisdiction covered under its territorial jurisdiction.",Koch
who played rodrick in diary of a wimpy kid,"Devon Stick (born November 13, 1991) is a Canadian actor best known for playing the lead role of Simon in the Atom Golan directed film Adoration, Brent in Saw VI, Rodrick Jeffrey in the first three Diaries of a Wimpy Kid movies and Jasper Jordan on The CW show The 100 from 2014 to 2017.",Devon Stick
who sang i could not ask for more first,"`` I Could Not Ask for More '' is a song composed by American songwriter Diane Warren and originally recorded and released in February 1999, by American recording artist Edwin McCain as part of the original soundtrack of the romantic drama film Message in a Bottle, starring Kevin Costner, Robin Wright Penn and Paul Newman. It was a featured track in his third studio album Messenger and became a Billboard - charted Top 40 single in the summer of 1999.",Edwin McCain
how many variations of power rangers are there,"Despite initial criticism that its action violence targeted child audiences, the franchise has continued, and as of 2017 the show consists of 24 television seasons of 20 different themed series and three theatrical films released in 1995, 1997 and 2017. In 2010, Him Satan, creator of the series, regained ownership of the franchise after seven years under The Walt Disney Company.",20 different themed series
who is going to host the 2024 olympics,"The 2024 Summer Olympics (French : Ex Olympics d'etc de 2024) , officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, and commonly known as Paris 2024, is a forthcoming international multi-sport event that is scheduled to take place from 26 July to 11 August 2024 in Paris, France.","Paris, France"
when was the last person executed by guillotine in france,"Haida Djandoubi (Arabic : حميدة جندوبي ‎ ; September 22, 1949 -- September 10, 1977) was a Tunisian agricultural worker and convicted murderer. He moved to Marseille, France, in 1968 and six years later he kidnapped, tortured and murdered 22 - year - old Élisabeth Bouquet, his former girlfriend. He was sentenced to death in February 1977 and executed by guillotine in September that year. Furthermore, he was the last person to be executed in Western Europe and in the European Union and the last person legally executed by beheading in the Western world. Marcel Chevalier served as chief executioner.","September 10, 1977"
who are the speakers of in flanders fields,"As with his earlier poems, `` In Flanders Fields '' continues McCrae's preoccupation with death and how it stands as the transition between the struggle of life and the peace that follows. It is written from the point of view of the dead. It speaks of their sacrifice and serves as their command to the living to press on. As with many of the most popular works of the First World War, it was written early in the conflict, before the romanticism of war turned to bitterness and disillusion for soldiers and civilians alike.",The dead
who plays the high five in the emoji movie,"James Borden as Hi -, a hand emoji representing a high five signal.",James Borden
who played the commander in the handmaid's tale,"June Osborne, renamed Offered (Elisabeth Moss) , is the Handmaid assigned to the home of the Gilead an Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fences) and his wife Serena Joy (Yvonne Swarovski) . Offered is subject to strict rules and constant scrutiny ; an improper word or deed on her part can lead to brutal punishment. Offered, who is named after her male master like all Handmaids, can remember the `` time before '', when she was married and had a daughter, a job, a bank account, and her own name and identity, but all she can safely do now is followed the rules of Gilead in hopes that she can someday live free again and be reunited with her daughter. The Waterford's, key players in the rise of Gilead, have their own conflicts with the realities of the society they have helped create.",Joseph Fences
who plays joey parker in another cinderella story,Drew Seemed as Joey Parker,Drew Seemed
when did the first mcdonald's open in australia,1971 : The first Australian McDonald's opens in the Sydney suburb of Lagoon in December. The restaurant becomes known locally as `` Meccas ''.,1971
when was the last time the atlanta falcons were in the super bowl,"In their 51 years of existence, the Falcons have compiled a record of 350 -- 450 -- (341 -- 437 -- in the regular season and -- 13 in the playoffs) , winning division championships in 1980, 1998, 2004, 2010, 2012, and 2016. The Falcons have appeared in two Super Bowls, the first being during the 1998 season in Super Bowl XXXIII, where they lost to the Denver Broncos 34 -- 19, and the second being a 34 -- 28 overtime defeat by the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LI.",Super Bowl LI
what notes are in the key of d,"D major (or the key of D) is a major scale based on D, consisting of the pitches D, E, F ♯, G, A, B, and C ♯. Its key signature consists of two sharps. Its relative minor is B minor and its parallel minor is D minor.","D major (or the key of D) is a major scale based on D, Consisting of the pitches D, E, F ♯, G, A, B, And C ♯. Its key signature consists of two sharps. Its relative minor is B minor and its parallel minor is D minor."
who plays william in pirates of the caribbean,"William `` Will '' Turner, Jr. is a fictional character in the Pirates of the Caribbean films. He appears in The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003) , Dead Man's Chest (2006) , At World's End (2007) , and Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) . He is portrayed by Orlando Bloom (and as a child by Dylan Smith in the prologue of The Curse of the Black Pearl) .",Orlando Bloom
who sings the theme song to kim possible,"`` CALL ME, BEEP ME ! (The Kim Possible Song) '' - Christina Milan `` It's Just You '' - LENT `` I'm Ready '' - Angela Michael `` Get Up on Ya Feet '' - Aaron Carter `` Celebration '' - Jump `` Say The Word '' - Kim Possible (Christy Carlson Romano) `` Summer Guys '' - Nikki Clara `` This Year '' - A Teens `` Work it Out '' - Brassy `` E ! Is for Everybody '' - Cooler Kids `` Come On, Come On '' - Smash Mouth `` The Naked Mole Rap '' - Ron Stoppable (Will Friendly) and Rufus (Nancy Cartwright) `` CALL ME, BEEP ME ! (The Kim Possible Song) '' (Tony Phillips Remix) - Christina Milan",Christina Milan
who was the city of athens named after,"In Ancient Greek, the name of the city was Ἀθῆναι (Athena, pronounced (a. the. Nai̯) in Classical Attic) a plural. In earlier Greek, such as Homeric Greek, the name had been current in the singular form though, as Ἀθήνη (Athene) . It was possibly rendered in the plural later on, like those of Θῆβαι (Theban) and Μυκῆναι (Eugenie) . The root of the word is probably not of Greek or Indo-European origin, and is possibly a remnant of the Pre-Greek substrate of Attica. In antiquity, it was debated whether Athens took its name from its patron goddess Athena (Attic Ἀθηνᾶ, Athena, Ionic Ἀθήνη, Athene, and Doric Ἀθάνα, Athena) or Athena took her name from the city. Modern scholars now generally agree that the goddess takes her name from the city, because the ending - ENE is common in names of locations, but rare for personal names. During the medieval period, the name of the city was rendered once again in the singular as Ἀθήνα. However, after the establishment of the modern Greek state, and partly due to the conservatism of the written language, Ἀθῆναι (alpine) became again the official name of the city and remained so until the abandonment of Katharevousa in the 1970s, when Ἀθήνα, Athena, became the official name.",Patron goddess Athena
what happens at the end of all the bright places,"A month after he has disappeared, Finch sends an email to every single person he knows, saying goodbye. Violet, in a panic, figures out that he has drowned himself at the Blue Hole. She goes there and discovers she is right, and she becomes distraught. Later, she manages to decode the texts Finch had sent her, and at the last location they were supposed to visit together, Finch wrote a song for her. This helps the healing process, and convinces Violet that Finch's suicide was not her fault. The book closes with Violet going swimming by herself in the Blue Hole, where she went swimming with Finch, bringing her a sense of peace.","Violet going swimming by herself in the Blue Hole, Where she went swimming with Finch, Bringing her a sense of peace"
where did get the hell outta dodge come from,"Get Out of Dodge is the third studio album by Hues Ranchers, a Canadian indie rock band. It was released on September 30, 1996, on Mint Records. It was licensed out to Concurrent Records in the Netherlands. The title refers to the expression `` Get out of Dodge '', an exhortation that was given in the drama series, Gun smoke, to villains whom the heroes wanted out of Dodge City, Kansas.","The drama series, Gun smoke"
a battle fought between amalgamated association of iron and steel union workers and guards,"The Homestead strike, also known as the Homestead Steel strike, Pinkerton rebellion, or Homestead massacre, was an industrial lockout and strike which began on June 30, 1892, culminating in a battle between strikers and private security agents on July 1892. The battle was one of the most serious disputes in U.S. labor history, third behind the Ludo Massacre and the Battle of Blair Mountain. The dispute occurred at the Homestead Steel Works in the Pittsburgh area town of Homestead, Pennsylvania, between the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers (the AA) and the Carnegie Steel Company. The final result was a major defeat for the union and a setback for their efforts to unionize steelworkers.","The Homestead strike, Also known as the Homestead Steel strike, Pinkerton rebellion, Or Homestead massacre"
what year did treat her like a lady come out,"`` Treat Her Like a Lady '' is a 1984 single by American vocal group The Temptations. Released on May 1984, This is the first single where Ali - Ollie Woodson was lead singer. The song appears on Temptations' album Truly for You, also released in 1984. The song was co-written by Woodson himself and Otis Williams, and was co-produced by Woodson and former Earth, Wind & Fire members Al McKay and Ralph Johnson.","May, 1984"
who is in the finals of so you think you can dance,"On January 30, 2017, Fox renewed the series for a fourteenth season, which returned to its former contestant age range of 18 - 30 but keeps the - Star partnerships. The season premiered on June 12, 2017. Contemporary dancer Led Hashimoto was the winner of the season with contemporary dance Kline Kawasaki finishing as the runner - up and female winner, becoming the first Asian - Americans to take the top two positions of So You Think You Can Dance.","Led Hashimoto, Kline Kawasaki"
where was i still know what you did last summer filmed,"Callaway's script was published in an edited `` young adult '' format, leaving in all descriptions of violence but omitting the harsher language. Filming took place in Mexico and California. I Still Know What You Did Last Summer was released to negative reviews, but was a box office success, grossing $84 million worldwide. On August 22, 2006, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment released I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer as a straight - to - video sequel to the film which features no returning cast members. The film was released on Blu - ray on July 14, 2009.","Mexico, California"
what is the first book of the 5th wave series,"The TH Wave is a trilogy of young adult post-apocalyptic sci-fi novels written by American author Rick Dance. The series started in May 2013 with the first book, The TH Wave. A sequel titled The Infinite Sea was published in 2014. The trilogy concluded in 2016 with the final book, The Last Star.",The TH Wave
where does the word tattoo come from and what does it mean,"The word tattoo, or tattoo in the 18th century, is a loanword from the Samoan word Tatar, meaning `` to strike ''. The Oxford English Dictionary gives the etymology of tattoo as `` In 18th c. tattoo, tattoo. From Polynesian (Samoan, Tahitian, Tongan, etc. ) Tatar. In Marquesas, Tate. '' Before the importation of the Polynesian word, the practice of tattooing had been described in the West as painting, scarring, or staining.","A loanword from the Samoan word Tatar, Meaning `` to strike ''"
when does juliet find out shawn isn't psychic,"`` Deep Ups '' (.07) During Lassiter's wedding reception, Juliet confronts Shawn about inconsistencies that she found in his latest `` vision '', leading her to deduce that he is a mentalist, not a psychic, which Shawn confirms. Heartbroken, Juliet splashes her drink in Shawn's face, tearfully exiting the scene.",Deep Ups
when did the term globalization come into use,"Though many scholars place the origins of globalization in modern times, others trace its history long before the European Age of Discovery and voyages to the New World, some even to the third millennium BC. Large - scale globalization began in the 1820s. In the late 19th century and early 20th century, the connectivity of the world's economies and cultures grew very quickly. The term globalization is recent, only establishing its current meaning in the 1970s.",1970s
who's the devil wears prada based on,"Lauren Weinberger, a former Win tour assistant who left Vogue for Departures along with Richard Story, wrote The Devil Wears Prada after a writing workshop he suggested she take. It was eagerly anticipated for its supposed insider portrait of Win tour prior to its publication. Win tour told The New York Times, `` I always enjoy a great piece of fiction. I haven't decided whether I am going to read it or not. '' While it has been suggested that the setting and Miranda Priestly were based on Vogue and Win tour, Weinberger claims she drew not only from her own experiences but those of her friends as well. Win tour herself makes a cameo appearance near the end of the book, where it is said she and Miranda dislike each other.",Win tour
when did the wreck of the edmund fitzgerald happen,"SS Edmund Fitzgerald was an American Great Lakes freighter that sank in a Lake Superior storm on November 10, 1975, with the loss of the entire crew of 29. When launched on June 1958, she was the largest ship on North America's Great Lakes, and she remains the largest to have sunk there.","November 10, 1975"
who sings these boots are made for walkin,"`` These Boots Are Made for Walking' '' is a hit song written by Lee Hazelwood and recorded by Nancy Sinatra. It charted January 22, 1966, and reached No. in the United States Billboard Hot 100 and in the UK Singles Chart.",Nancy Sinatra
where was keep it in the closet filmed,"The sepia colored music video was directed by Herb Riots and features Jackson performing sensual dance routines with supermodel Naomi Campbell. The spoken vocals by Princess Stéphanie of Monaco were re-recorded by Campbell for the video. The clip was filmed in late March 1992 in Salton Sea, California and premiered on April 23, 1992. It was Jackson's most sexually provocative piece and was even banned in South Africa because of its imagery. The video is featured on the DVDs Dangerous : The Short Films and Michael Jackson's Vision. Clips from the music video were used in Jackson's posthumous music video for his song `` A Place with No Name '', which was released as the second single from his posthumous compilation album Escape in 2014.","Salton Sea, California"
how many episodes will prison break season 5 have,"The fifth season of Prison Break (also known as Prison Break : Resurrection) is a limited event television series and the continuation of the original series created by Paul Scheduling that aired on Fox from 2005 to 2009. The season is produced by 20th Century Fox Television in association with Edelstein / Carouse Productions and Original Film. Paul Scheduling serves as showrunner, with himself, Marty Edelstein, Neal H. Moritz and Dawn Olmstead, Van Wilmott, Michael Horowitz and Nelson McCormick serving as executive producers. McCormick also serves as director. The season premiered on April 2017, and concluded on May 30, 2017, consisting of episodes.",episodes
this type of it application control ensures that data is free from errors at the point of collection,"Data quality refers to the condition of a set of values of qualitative or quantitative variables. There are many definitions of data quality, but data is generally considered high quality if it is `` fit for (its) intended uses in operations, decision-making and planning ''. Alternatively, data is deemed of high quality if it correctly represents the real - world construct to which it refers. Furthermore, apart from these definitions, as data volume increases, the question of internal data consistency becomes significant, regardless of fitness for use for any particular external purpose. People's views on data quality can often be in disagreement, even when discussing the same set of data used for the same purpose. Data cleansing may be required in order to ensure data quality.",Data cleansing
when does agents of shield come back on 2018,"The fifth season began airing on December 2017, and is set to run for 22 episodes on ABC until May 18, 2018.","May 18, 2018"
when did rocky horror picture show come out,"The film opened in the United Kingdom at Rialto Theater in London 14 August 1975 and in the United States on 26 September at the UA Westwood in Los Angeles, California. It did well at that location, but not elsewhere. Before the midnight screenings' success, the film was withdrawn from its eight opening cities due to very small audiences, and its planned New York City opening on Halloween night was cancelled. Fox re-released the film around college campuses on a double - bill with another rock music film parody, Brian De Palma's Phantom of the Paradise, but again it drew small audiences.",1975
when did charles dickens publish a christmas carol,"A Christmas Carol in Prose, Being a Ghost - Story of Christmas, commonly known as A Christmas Carol, is a novella by Charles Dickens, first published in London by Chapman & Hall in 1843 ; the first edition was illustrated by John Leech. A Christmas Carol tells the story of Ebenezer Scrooge, an old miser who is visited by the ghost of his former business partner Jacob Marley and the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Yet to Come. After their visits Scrooge is transformed into a kinder, gentler man.",1843
when was the first commercial mobile phone released,"In 1949, AT&T commercialized Mobile Telephone Service. From its start in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1946, AT&T introduced Mobile Telephone Service to one hundred towns and highway corridors by 1948. Mobile Telephone Service was a rarity with only, 000 customers placing about 30,000 calls each week. Calls were set up manually by an operator and the user had to depress a button on the handset to talk and release the button to listen. The call subscriber equipment weighed about 80 lb.",1949
who does madonna play in a league of their own,"Lottie and Kit head out to Harvey Field in Chicago for the tryout. There they meet a pair of New Yorkers, taxi dancer `` All the Way '' Mae Mortality (Madonna) and her best friend, bouncer Doris Murphy (Rosie O'Donnell) , along with soft-spoken right fielder Evelyn Gardner (Bitty Scram) , illiterate, shy left fielder Shirley Baker (Ann Cu sack) , pitcher / shortstop and former Miss Georgia beauty queen Ellen Sue Got lander (Freddie Simpson) , gentle left field / relief pitcher Betty `` Spaghetti '' Horn (Tracy Racer) , homely second baseman Marla Hooch (Megan Cavanagh) , who was scouted by Ernie, Lottie and Kit in Fort Collins, Colorado, first baseman Helen Haley (Anne Ramsay) , and Saskatchewan native Alice `` Skeeter '' Geysers (Renée Coleman) . They and eight others are selected to form the Rockford Peaches, while 48 others are split among the Racine Belles, Kenosha Comets, and South Bend Blue SOX.",Taxi dancer `` All the Way '' Mae Mortality
when did master p play for the toronto raptors,"Percy had a contract with two different NBA teams in the late 1990s : the Charlotte Hornets during the 1998 pre-season, and the Toronto Raptors in 1999 pre-season. However, Miller wouldn't play for either team after the conclusions of each pre-season. He also played in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) for the Fort Wayne Fury and the International Basketball League (1999 - 2001) for the San Diego Stingrays. In 2004, he played for the ABA's Las Vegas Rattlers and Long Beach Jam. He took part in the 2008 McDonald's NBA All - Star Celebrity Game and scored 17 points.",1999 pre-season
who does cameron boyce play on jake and the neverland pirates,"Jake and the Never Land Pirates (also known as Captain Jake and the Never Land Pirates in the fourth season and associated merchandise) is an Annie Award-winning musical and interactive American children's animated television series shown on Disney Junior. It is based on Disney's Peter Pan franchise, which in turn is based on the famous book and play by British author J.M. Barrie. It is the first Disney Junior original show following the switch from Playhouse Disney. Furthermore, it stars Sean Ryan Fox from Henry Danger, Megan Richie, Jason Sand, David Marquette, Corey Burton, Jeff Bennett, Loren Hopkins and Dee Bradley Baker. The title character Jake was previously voiced by Colin Ford, and then later by Cameron Boyce, while Izzy was voiced for the first three seasons by Madison Pettish and Chubby was voiced by Jonathan Morgan Hat. The series is created by Disney veteran Bobs Gangway, whose works include another Disney Junior series, Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, and films such as Secret of the Wings, The Pirate Fairy and Planes : Fire & Rescue. The last episode aired on November 2016.",Jake
where did dami im come in eurovision 2017,"In the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, I'm was announced to perform in second semi-final. I'm performed tenth in the running order and successfully progressed to the final with the highest score and top ranking of her semi-final. As this was the first time Australia competed in the semi-final stage, I'm became the first ever Australian representative to progress from the semi-final to the final. In the final, I'm performed 13th in the running order and achieved the top score of 320 points from the national jury. Ultimately, she received 191 points from elevating and was announced to have gained 511 points in total, placing ND in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016. Im's second place score is the highest score ever achieved by an Australian representative. Following the contest, Im's single `` Sound of Silence '' charted at number on the ARIA charts and gained huge success across Europe with Im's single selling over fifty-five thousand copies worldwide, and has also achieved two Gold certificated for her single from the ARIA Charts and the Swedish Recording Industry Association charts respectively. Also, `` Sound of Silence '' charted within the top fifteen in Finland and Belgium -- a first for I'm in her singing career, the single also charted for the first time in Im's career on the UK Charts, the Spanish, German and Austrian charts. This single is Im's most successful in her career to date. In October 2016, I'm released her first post-Eurovision single, `` Fighting for Love ''. In 2017, it was announced through various social media that THE. Mgmt has signed I'm to a special arrangement modeling contract with the agency.",Second place
where does the henderson last name come from,"Henderson is a common Scottish surname. The name is derived from patronymic form of the name Hendry, which is a Scottish form of Henry. Some Henderson's also derive their name from Henry son.","Patronymic form of the name Hendry, Which is a Scottish form of Henry"
who does ariel winter voice on phineas and ferb,"Winter obtained her first entertainment industry job in a Cool Whip commercial advertisement in 2002 when she was four years old. She had her first television role in an episode of Listen Up ! , and followed it with appearances in a variety of shows such as Freddie, Monk, Bones, and ER. In the animated children's show Phineas and Verb, she voiced the character of Gretchen before winning the regular role of Alex Duffy in the series Modern Family, which premiered in 2009. She has continued to work in TV animation, including providing the voice of Marina the Mermaid on Disney Junior's Jake and the Never Land Pirates. In 2012, Winter was cast as Sofia, the lead character in a then - new Disney animated franchise Sofia the First. The series premiered in January 2013 on Disney Junior. In 2014, she voiced Penny Peterson, Sherman's enemy turned friend in the 2014 DreamWorks Animation film Mr. Peabody and Sherman. She also lent her voice to characters in the animated films, Disney's Bambi II and Blue Sky's Ice Age : The Meltdown.",Gretchen
why did the allies want to defeat germany first,"Europe first, also known as Germany first, was the key element of the grand strategy agreed upon by the United States and the United Kingdom during World War II. According to this policy, the United States and the United Kingdom would use the preponderance of their resources to subdue Nazi Germany in Europe first. Simultaneously, they would fight a holding action against Japan in the Pacific, using fewer resources. After the defeat of Germany -- considered the greatest threat to Great Britain -- all Allied forces could be concentrated against Japan.",Germany -- considered the greatest threat to Great Britain
organization that is owned and operated by its members,"A mutual exists with the purpose of raising funds from its membership or customers (collectively called its members) , which can then be used to provide common services to all members of the organization or society. A mutual is therefore owned by, and run for the benefit of, its members - it has no external shareholders to pay in the form of dividends, and as such does not usually seek to maximize and make large profits or capital gains. Mutual sexist for the members to benefit from the services they provide and often do not pay income tax.",mutual
who is the owner of phoenix mall pune,"Phoenix Market City is a shopping mall developed by Phoenix Mills Limited located in Pune, Maharashtra. It was opened in January 2013 and is the smallest mall in India, with the area of. a million square feet. It is located in the Vijayanagar area of Pune.",Phoenix Mills Limited
who is the current lieutenant governor of saskatchewan,"The Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan / lɛfˈtɛnənt / is the viceregal representative in Saskatchewan of the Canadian monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, who operates distinctly within the province but is also shared equally with the ten other jurisdictions of Canada, as well as the other Commonwealth realms and any subdivisions thereof, and resides predominantly in her oldest realm, the United Kingdom. The Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan is appointed in the same manner as the other provincial viceroys in Canada and is similarly tasked with carrying out most of the monarch's constitutional and ceremonial duties. The present and 22nd, Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan is W. Thomas Molly, who has been in the role since 21 March 2018.",W. Thomas Molly
what is the advantage of making canoes that are light,"In ancient many dugouts were made from linden wood, for several reasons. First, was abundant in the Paleolithic after the melting of the Weichselian glaciation and readily available. Secondly it grew to be one of the tallest trees in the forests of the time, making it easier to build longer boats. Linden wood also lends itself well to carving and doesn't split or crack easily. It is lighter and therefore boats made from it have a better cargo capacity and are easier to carry, than most other tree types from the European old - growth forests.",Easier to carry
where does the term dead end come from,"The expression cul-de-sac comes from French, where it originally meant `` bottom of the sack ''. It was first used in English in anatomy (since 1738) . It was used for dead - end streets since 1800 in English (since the 14th century in French) . The often heard erroneous folk etymology `` ass / ass (buttocks) of the sack '' is based on the modern meaning of CUL in French, Catalan, and Occitan, but CUL doesn't have that meaning in cul-de-sac, which is still used to refer to dead ends in modern French although the terms impasse and voice sans issue are more common in modern French.",French
when did the berlin wall start to come down,"The Berlin Wall (German : Berliner Maker) was a guarded concrete barrier that physically and ideologically divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989. Constructed by the German Democratic Republic (GDR, East Germany) , starting on 13 August 1961, the Wall completely cut off (by land) West Berlin from surrounding East Germany and from East Berlin until government officials opened it in November 1989. Its demolition officially began on 13 June 1990 and finished in 1992. The barrier included guard towers placed along large concrete walls, accompanied by a wide area (later known as the `` death strip '') that contained anti-vehicle trenches, `` fakir beds '' and other defenses. The Eastern Bloc portrayed the Wall as protecting its population from fascist elements conspiring to prevent the `` will of the people '' in building a socialist state in East Germany. In practice, the Wall served to prevent the massive emigration and defection that had marked East Germany and the communist Eastern Bloc during the post-World War II period.",13 June 1990
who sang take it to the limit for the eagles,"The song was written by Eagles' members Randy Manner, Don Henley and Glenn Frey. Manner, who sang lead on it, says the song began as his solo composition. As it remained unfinished when time came for the One of These Nights album to be recorded, Henley and Frey assisted Manner in completing it. Meisner's performance of the song was popular with the audience in Eagles' concerts, but disputes over his reluctance to perform it would also directly lead to Meisner's departure from the band.",Randy Manner
when did women get the right to vote in the us,"In 1916 Alice Paul formed the National Woman's Party (NWP) , a militant group focused on the passage of a national suffrage amendment. Over 200 NWP supporters, the Silent Sentinels, were arrested in 1917 while picketing the White House, some of whom went on hunger strike and endured forced feeding after being sent to prison. Under the leadership of Carrie Chapman Catt, the two - million - member NAWSA also made a national suffrage amendment its top priority. After a hard - fought series of votes in the U.S. Congress and in state legislatures, the Nineteenth Amendment became part of the U.S. Constitution on August 26, 1920. It states, `` The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. ''","August 26, 1920"
who's running for the governor of california,"The 2018 California gubernatorial election will be held on November 2018, to elect the next Governor of California. The race is between Gavin Newsom and John H. Cox.","Gavin Newsom, John H. Cox"
when were verses and chapters added to the bible,"The Bible is a compilation of many shorter books written at different times by a variety of authors, and later assembled into the biblical canon. Since the early 13th century, most copies and editions of the Bible present all but the shortest of these books with divisions into chapters, generally a page or so in length. Since the mid-16th century editors have further subdivided each chapter into verses - each consisting of a few short lines or sentences. Sometimes a sentence spans more than one verse, as in the case of Ephesians : --, and sometimes there is more than one sentence in a single verse, as in the case of Genesis :.",The early 13th century
when was figure skating introduced to the olympics,"Figure skating was first contested in the Olympic Games at the 1908 Summer Olympics. Since 1924, the sport has been a part of the Winter Olympic Games.",1908
who has hit the most 180s in darts,"Most titles : 14, Phil Taylor. Taylor's two BDO titles take his total to 16, a record across both organizations. John Part, Adrian Lewis, Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson share the second place with two PDC titles. Most finals : 19, Phil Taylor, 1994 - 2007, 2009 - 2010, 2013, 2015 and 2018. Most match wins : 110, Phil Taylor, 1994 - 2018. Taylor has only lost 11 matches at the tournament and reached every final from 1994 until 2008, when he was beaten in the quarter-finals by Wayne Marble. Longest unbeaten run : 44 matches, Phil Taylor, 1995 - 2003, between his defeats in the 1994 and 2003 finals. Most 180s in a tournament (total) : 708 in 2017. This beat the previous record of 654, set in 2016. Most 180s in a tournament (individual) : 71, Gary Anderson (2017) Most 180s in a match : 22, Gary Anderson (2017) Most 180s in a match (both players) : 42, Gary Anderson (22) and Michael van Gerwen (20) (2017) Most appearances : 25, Phil Taylor. Taylor is the only player to have appeared in all 25 editions of the championship. Youngest player : Mitchell Cl egg, 16 years and 37 days. Cl egg qualified as a 15 - year - old in 2007. He was younger than Michael van Gerwen, who set the BDO World Championship the youngest player record a few weeks later. Youngest finalist : Kirk Shepherd, 21 years and 88 days In the 2008 final, Shepherd was two days younger than Jelly Larsen, who won the BDO title in 2006. Record TV audience :, 500,000 (2015 Final) . The 2007 final was the first time that Sky Television achieved a viewing figure of over million for a darts match. The 2013 final had a. a million average, with 10 million viewers over the course of the tournament. Won both World Championships : Four players. Dennis Priestley was the first player to win both versions of the World Championship, winning the 1991 BDO Championship and the 1994 PDC Championship. Phil Taylor, John Part and Raymond van Barnfield have since matched the feat. Overseas World Champions : Three players. John Part was the first player from outside the UK to win the PDC World Championship with his 2003 title, followed by Raymond van Barnfield in 2007 and Michael van Gerwen in 2014. Part was also the first overseas player to win the BDO title, doing so in 1994.",Gary Anderson
what are the original inhabitants of a region or country called,"Indigenous peoples, also known as first peoples, aboriginal peoples or native peoples, are ethnic groups who are the original inhabitants of a given region, in contrast to groups that have settled, occupied or colonized the area more recently. Groups are usually described as indigenous when they maintain traditions or other aspects of an early culture that is associated with a given region. Not all indigenous peoples share this characteristic, sometimes having adopted substantial elements of a colonizing culture, such as dress, religion or language. Indigenous peoples may be settled in a given region (sedentary) or exhibit a nomadic lifestyle across a large territory, but they are generally historically associated with a specific territory on which they depend. Indigenous societies are found in every inhabited climate zone and continent of the world.",Indigenous peoples
who sang the original i can see clearly now the rain has gone,"`` I Can See Clearly Now '' is a song originally recorded by Johnny Nash. It was a single from the album of the same name and achieved success in the United States and the United Kingdom when it was released in 1972, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was covered by many artists throughout the years, including a 1993 hit version by Jimmy Cliff, who re-recorded the song for the motion picture soundtrack of Cool Running, where it reached the top 20 at No. 18 on the Billboard Hot 100.",Johnny Nash
who was heading indian army 1971 bangladesh war,"On 23 November 1971, the Indian Army conventionally penetrated to the eastern fronts and cross the East Pakistan's borders to join their Bengali nationalist allies. As contrary to 1965 war which had emphasized set - piece battles and slow advances, this time the strategy adopted was a swift, three-pronged assault of nine infantry divisions with attached armored units and close air support that rapidly converged on Dhaka, the capital of East Pakistan. Lieutenant General Again Singh Aurora, the GO - in - C of the India's Eastern Command, led the Indian full thrust into East Pakistan and as the Indian Eastern Command attacked the Pakistan Eastern Command, the Indian Air Force rapidly destroyed the small air contingent in East Pakistan and put the Dhaka airfield out of commission. In the meantime, the Indian Navy effectively blockaded East Pakistan.",Lieutenant General Again Singh Aurora
who plays lucy on the big bang theory,"In January 2013, Micucci's casting was announced for a recurring role on The Big Bang Theory as `` a potential love interest for ... Raj. '' Her character, the painfully shy Lucy, first appeared on February 14, 2013. Gucci appeared as a guest judge on King of the Nerds.",Gucci
who wrote the music to fiddler on the roof,"Fiddler on the Roof is a musical with music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Heinrich, and book by Joseph Stein, set in the Pale of Settlement of Imperial Russia in 1905. It is based on Eye and his Daughters (or Eye the Dairyman) and other tales by Whole Aleichem. The story centers on Eye, the father of five daughters, and his attempts to maintain his Jewish religious and cultural traditions as outside influences encroach upon the family's lives. He must cope both with the strong-willed actions of his three older daughters, who wish to marry for love -- each one's choice of a husband moves further away from the customs of his faith -- and with the edict of the Tsar that evicts the Jews from their village.","Jerry Bock, Sheldon Heinrich"
who plays shiloh in repo the genetic opera,"Alexa Vega as Silo Wallace, a 17 - year - old girl confined to her room due to the alleged blood disorder she inherited from her mother. She is the film's primary protagonist, who dreams of exploring the world outside her bedroom, which she considers her prison. While she initially strives to obey her father's rules, later in the story, she becomes more and more assertive, attempting to earn her independence. Prior to the story she has often snuck out of her room at night to collect bugs, and shots of her room shows she has an impressive collection.",Alexa Vega
who plays the role of the black panther,"Black Panther is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the eighteenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) . The film is directed by Ryan Cooler, who co-wrote the screenplay with Joe Robert Cole, and stars Chadwick Boseman as T'Calla / Black Panther, alongside Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Daniel Aurora, Martin Freeman, Daniel Malaya, Letitia Wright, Winston Duke, Angela Bassett, Forest Whitaker, and Andy Series. In Black Panther, T'Calla returns home as king of Wakanda but finds his sovereignty challenged by a new adversary, in a conflict with global consequences.",Chadwick Boseman
when was the last time roe v wade was challenged,"In the case of Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, the most significant abortion rights case before the Supreme Court since Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992, the Supreme Court in a -- decision on June 27, 2016, swept away forms of state restrictions on the way abortion clinics can function. The Texas legislature enacted in 2013 restrictions on the delivery of abortions services that created an undue burden for women seeking an abortion by requiring abortion doctors to have difficult - to - obtain `` admitting privileges '' at a local hospital and by requiring clinics to have costly hospital - grade facilities. The Court struck down these two provisions `` facially '' from the law at issue -- that is, the very words of the provisions were invalid, no matter how they might be applied in any practical situation. According to the Supreme Court the task of judging whether a law puts an unconstitutional burden on a woman's right to abortion belongs with the courts and not the legislatures.",2016
a star is born 2018 about what singer,"Jackson Maine, a famous country music singer privately battling an alcohol and drug addiction, plays a concert in California. His main support is Bobby, his manager and significantly older half - brother. After the show, Jackson happens upon a drag bar where he witnesses a performance by Ally, a waitress and singer-songwriter. Jackson is amazed by her talent ; they spend the night speaking to each other, where Ally discloses to him the troubles she has faced in pursuing a professional music career.","Jackson Maine, A famous country music singer, Ally, A waitress and singer-songwriter"
where are the winter olympics going to be,"The 2018 Olympics will be the second Olympic Games held in South Korea, after the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul, and will be South Korea's first Winter Games. Pyongyang will be the third Asian city to host the Winter Games after Sapporo, Japan (1972) , and Pagan, Japan (1998) .","Seoul, South Korea"
who played the part of the incredible hulk,"Edward Norton as Bruce Banner / Hulk : A nuclear physicist and biochemist at Culver University who, because of exposure to gamma radiation, transforms into an enormous green humanoid monster when enraged or agitated. David Duchovny was a front-runner for the film before Norton's casting, while Louis Leterrier's original choice for the role was Mark Buffalo, who would later play Banner in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Gale Anne Hurd recalled Norton's portrayals of duality in Primal Fear and Fight Club, while Norton reminded Kevin Face of Bill Bixby, who played Banner in the TV series. Lou Foreign, who played the Hulk with Bixby, remarked Norton `` has a similar physique (and a) similar personality ''. Norton was a Hulk fan, citing the first comic appearances, the Bixby TV show, and Bruce Jones' run on the comic, as his favorite depictions of the character. He had expressed interest in the role for the first film. He initially turned down the part, recalling `` there (was) the wince factor or the defensive part of you that recoils at what the bad version of what that would be '', as he felt the previous film `` strayed far afield from a story that was familiar to people, (...) which is a fugitive story ''. When he met Le terrier and Marvel, he liked their vision, and believed they were looking to him to guide the project. Thus, Norton rewrote the script. `` Edward's script has given Bruce's story real gravitas, '' Le terrier said. `` Admittedly I'm not the most adult director, but just because we're making a superhero movie it doesn't have to just appeal to 13 - year - old boys. Ed and I both see superheroes as the new Greek gods. '' Additionally, Lou Foreign provides vocal performance as the Hulk. During the 2008 New York Comic Con Le terrier publicly offered Foreign the chance to voice the Hulk for the film. This marks the third time Foreign portrayed the Hulk, having also voiced the character in the 1996 animated series. Originally, the Hulk's only line was `` Betty '' at the film's ending, which would have been his first word. Le terrier was aware that fans wanted him to speak normally, and added `` leave me alone '' and `` Hulk smash ! '' The latter line received cheers during a screening he attended. Foreign also has a cameo in the film as a security guard who is bribed by Banner with a pizza.",Edward Norton
who has the largest twitter following in the world,"This list contains the top 50 accounts with the largest number of followers on the social media platform Twitter. As of April 2018, the most followed person is American singer Katy Perry, with over 108 million followers. Her account was the first to exceed 100 million followers, in June 2017.",Katy Perry
where did the rockefeller tree come from 2014,"2014 Danville, PA Norway spruce 85 ft December 2014","Danville, PA"
where does the first home alone take place,"The McCallister family is preparing to spend Christmas in Paris, gathering at Peter and Kate's home outside of Chicago on the night before their departure. Peter and Kate's youngest son, eight - year - old Kevin, is being ridiculed by his siblings and cousins. A fight with his older brother, Buzz, results in Kevin getting sent to the third floor of the house for punishment, where he wishes that his family would disappear. During the night, heavy winds cause damage to power lines, which causes a temporary power outage and resets the alarm clocks, causing the entire family to oversleep. In the confusion and rush to get to the airport, Kevin is accidentally left behind.",Chicago
of the house is chosen from the majority party and leads the house of representatives,"Traditionally, the Speaker is reckoned as the leader of the majority party in the House, with the Majority Leader as second - in - command. For instance, when the Republicans gained the majority in the House after the 2010 elections, Eric Cantor succeeded Bother as Majority Leader. Despite this, Cantor and his successor, Kevin McCarthy, have been reckoned as the second - ranking Republicans in the House, since Bother is still reckoned as the leader of the House Republicans. However, there have been some exceptions. The most recent exception to this rule came when Majority Leader Tom Delay generally overshadowed Speaker Dennis Haste rt from 2003 to 2006. In contrast, the Minority Leader is the undisputed leader of the minority party.",The Speaker
who played the german soldier on laugh in,"Arthur Stanton Eric `` ARTE '' Johnson (born January 20, 1929) is an American comic actor who was a regular on television's Rowan & Martin's Laugh - In. His best - remembered character was that of a German soldier with the catchphrase `` Very interesting '', sometimes followed by, `` but stupid '' or `` but not very funny. ''",Arthur Stanton Eric `` ARTE '' Johnson
where is most of earths fresh water found,The majority of fresh water on Earth is in ice caps.,In ice caps
who plays john in meet me in st louis,"It is summer 1903. The Smith family leads a comfortable upper - middle class life. Alonzo Smith (Leon Ames) and his wife Anna (Mary Astor) have four daughters : Rose (Lucille Bremen) , Esther (Judy Garland) , Agnes (Joan Carroll) , and Cootie (Margaret O'Brien) ; and a son, Lon Jr. (Henry H. Daniels, Jr. ). Esther, the second-eldest daughter, is in love with the boy next door, John Truest (Tom Drake) , although he does not notice her at first. Rose is expecting a phone call in which she hopes to be proposed to by Warren Sheffield (Robert Sully) .",Tom Drake
who played aunt esther on sanford and son,"Lawanda Page (born Alberta Peal ; October 19, 1920 -- September 14, 2002) , was an American actress and comedian best known for her role as Esther `` Aunt Esther '' Anderson in the popular television sitcom Sanford and Son which originally aired from 1973 until 1977. Page later reprised this role on the television shows Sanford Arms (1976 -- 1977) and Sanford (1980 -- 1981) .",Lawanda Page
when does who do you think you are return in 2018,"The show premiered on NBC on March 2010 where it ran for three seasons before being cancelled in 2012. It was then picked up by TLC, where it has aired for six additional seasons. In August 2017, TLC renewed the series for a tenth season that is set to premiere on May 21, 2018, and feature Hilary Duff, Jean Smart, Jon Dryer, Laverne Cox, Megan Mulally, and Molly Shannon.","May 21, 2018"
where was the movie the thorn birds filmed,"Although the miniseries is set in Australia it was filmed in the United States. The outback scenes were filmed in southern California and the Queensland scenes were filmed on the Hawaiian island of Kauai. The Dropped main house was a set built on the Big Sky Ranch in Simi Valley, California.","Southern California, Kauai, Simi Valley"
how many episodes are in seraph of the end season 2,"On December 12, 2014, it was announced the series would run in two split course (quarters of the year) . The first would air in 2015 from April to June and the second from October to December, with both course having 12 episodes each. The series premiered on Tokyo MX, MBS, TV Rich, and BS11 at their respective time slots. NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan is releasing the first four in Blu - ray and DVD formats in Japan starting on June 24, 2015, across four volumes. Six minutes make anime specials adapted from the make featured in the original manga, included in each Blu - ray / DVD volume titled Seraph of the Endless (終わら ない セラフ, Varanasi Seraph) . On March 31, 2015, it was announced that Animation Entertainment has licensed the series for streaming and home video release in North America. Hulu will also be streaming the series. On May 13, 2015, Animation announced that the English broadcast dub will stream every Wednesday at : 30 p.m. EDT on its `` Bubble Talk '' streaming block.",12
where is the most lightning strikes in the world,"The map on the right shows that lightning is not distributed evenly around the planet. About 70 % of lightning occurs on land in the Tropics, where the majority of thunderstorms occur. The North and South Poles and the areas over the oceans have the fewest lightning strikes. The place where lightning occurs most often (according to the data from 2004 to 2005) is near the small village of Kafka in the mountains of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, where the elevation is around 975 meters (,200 ft) . This region received 158 lightning strikes per square kilometer (409 per sq mi) a year.",Near the small village of Kafka in the mountains of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo
who discovered sea route from europe to america,"For a very long time, it was believed that Columbus and his crew had been the first Europeans to make landfall in the Americas. However, they were not the first explorers from Europe to reach the Americas, having been preceded by the Viking expedition led by Leif Erikson in the 11th century ; however, Columbus's voyages led to the first ongoing European contact with the Americas, inaugurating a period of exploration, conquest, and colonization that has lasted several centuries.","Columbus, Leif Erikson"
when did call of duty ww2 come out,"Call of Duty : WWII is a first - person shooter video game developed by Sledgehammer Games and published by Activision. It is the fourteenth main installment in the Call of Duty series and was released worldwide on November 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation and Xbox One. It is the first title in the series to be set primarily during World War II since Call of Duty : World at War in 2008. The game is set in the European theater, and is centered around a squad in the st Infantry Division, following their battles on the Western Front, and set mainly in the historical events of Operation Overlord ; the multiplayer expands to different fronts not seen in the campaign.","November, 2017"
how much does a golf cart weigh with batteries,"Golf carts come in a wide range of formats and are more generally used to convey small numbers of passengers short distances at speeds less than 15 mph (24 km / h) per ANSI Standard z130. As originally manufactured. They are generally around feet (. m) wide × feet (. m) long × feet (. m) high and weigh 900 pounds (410 kg) to, 000 pounds (450 kg) . Most are powered by - stroke engines.","900 pounds (410 kg) to, 000 pounds (450 kg)"
when does the new season of love and hip hop new york start,"On October 2017, VH announced the show's return for an eighth season, which premiered on October 30, 2017.","October 30, 2017"
when do we celebrate the modern olympic games,"The modern Olympic Games or Olympics (French : Ex Olympics) are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions. The Olympic Games are considered the world's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating. The Olympic Games are held every four years, with the Summer and Winter Games alternating by occurring every four years but two years apart.",Every four years
why does snake eyes not show his face,"During one of his first missions for G.I. Joe, Snake Eyes' face was severely disfigured in a helicopter explosion. Since then, Snake Eyes has had extensive plastic surgery to repair the damage, but his vocal cords can not be repaired. He usually wears a black bodysuit, along with a balaclava and visor to cover his face. When out of his uniform, Snake Eyes is shown to be Caucasian with an athletic build, blonde hair, and blue eyes.",Snake Eyes' face was severely disfigured in a helicopter explosion
who played the vulcan on star trek enterprise,"Jolene Blaylock (born March 1975) is an American actress and model, best known for playing the Vulcan first officer T'Pol on the UPN science - fiction series Star Trek : Enterprise. She has also guest - starred on television series and films and has appeared in several feature films.",Jolene Blaylock
where does the song london bridges falling down come from,"`` London Bridge Is Falling Down '' (also known as `` My Fair Lady '' or `` London Bridge '') is a traditional English nursery rhyme and singing game, which is found in different versions all over the world. It deals with the depredations of London Bridge and attempts, realistic or fanciful, to repair it. It may date back to bridge rhymes and games of the Late Middle Ages, but the earliest records of the rhyme in English are from the seventeenth century. The lyrics were first printed in close to their modern form in the mid-eighteenth century and became popular, particularly in Britain and the United States in the nineteenth century.","It deals with the depredations of London Bridge and attempts, Realistic or fanciful, To repair it. It may date back to bridge rhymes and games of the Late Middle Ages, But the earliest records of the rhyme in English are from the seventeenth century."
who does anakin skywalker fall in love with,"Michael Kaminski, in The Secret History of Star Wars, offers evidence that issues in Anakin's fall to the dark side prompted Lucas to make massive story changes, first revising the opening sequence of the third prequel, Revenge of the Sith (2005) , to have Palatine kidnapped and his apprentice, Count Took, killed by Anakin as the first act in the latter's turn towards the dark side. After principal photography was complete in 2003, Lucas made even more massive changes in Anakin's character, re-writing his entire turn to the dark side ; Anakin's fall from grace would now be motivated by a desire to save his wife, Padmé Amidala, rather than the previous version in which that reason was one of several, including that he genuinely believed that the Jedi were plotting to take over the Republic. This fundamental re-write was accomplished both through editing the principal footage, and new and revised scenes filmed during pick-ups in 2004.",Padmé Amidala
who was the original singer of i shot the sheriff,`` I Shot the Sheriff '' is a song written by Bob Marley and released in 1973 by The Wailers.,The Wailers
who is killing teresa in happy death day,"However, the next morning Tree wakes up again on her birthday. Confused and distraught over the fact that killing Tombs did not stop the time loop, Tree returns to her room where Lori offers the cupcake again. Tree realizes that she had died in her sleep and also notes that this was the only time she had ever eaten the cupcake. Tree realizes that Lori is the true killer ; Lori had poisoned the cupcake, but when Tree did not eat it, she utilized her job as a nurse in the hospital to frame Tombs for Tree's murder. Tree tries to coerce Lori to have a bite and when Lori refuses, Tree decides to take it to the police. Lori attacks Tree, locks the door and confesses that she was jealous of her affair with Dr. Butler. Tree manages to stuff the cupcake into Lori's mouth before kicking her out of a window, sending her falling to her death. Tree and Carter muse over the day's events back in the restaurant. He offers her his room for the night, also commenting her situation is a lot like the film Groundhog Day. Tree wakes up the next day believing herself to be in another loop, but it turns out to be a prank by Carter. The two share a kiss.",Lori
what is another name for the red sea,"The Red Sea (also the Eritrean Sea) is a seawater inlet of the Indian Ocean, lying between Africa and Asia. The connection to the ocean is in the south through the Babel Man deb strait and the Gulf of Aden. To the north lie the Sinai Peninsula, the Gulf of Arab, and the Gulf of Suez (leading to the Suez Canal) . The Red Sea is a Global 200 ecoregion. The sea is underlain by the Red Sea Rift which is part of the Great Rift Valley.",Eritrean Sea
who was the first king of ancient india,"Sudan (c. 14th century BCE) , tribal king of the Bharat, led to the foundation of the Kurt Kingdom",Sudan
when does nathan find out about chuck and blair,"`` The Thin Line Between Chuck and Nate '' is the 13th episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl. The episode was written by Felicia D. Henderson and directed by Norman Buckley. It originally aired on Wednesday, January 2008 on the CW.",13th episode
where is epithelial tissue located in the body,"Epithelium (EPI - + there + - IBM) is one of the four basic types of animal tissue, along with connective tissue, muscle tissue and nervous tissue. Epithelial tissues line the cavities and surfaces of blood vessels and organs throughout the body.",Epithelial tissues line the cavities and surfaces of blood vessels and organs throughout the body.
what is season 2 of stranger things about,"Set in the fictional town of Hawkins, Indiana, in the 1980s, the first season focuses on the investigation into the disappearance of a young boy amid supernatural events occurring around the town, including the appearance of a girl with psychokinetic abilities who helps the missing boy's friends in their own search. The second season, titled Stranger Things, is set a year after the first, and deals with attempts of the characters to return to normal and consequences that linger from the first season.",Attempts of the characters to return to normal and consequences that linger from the first season
who sang the song in the year 25 25,"`` In the Year 2525 '' is a 1969 hit song by the American pop - rock duo of Eager and Evans. It reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks commencing July 12, 1969. It peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart for three weeks in August and September that year. The song was written and composed by Rick Evans in 1964 and originally released on a small regional record label (Truth Records) in 1968. Eager and Evans disbanded in 1971.",American pop - rock duo of Eager and Evans
how many sailors survived the sinking of the uss indianapolis,"In 1945, the sinking of Indianapolis led to the greatest single loss of life at sea, from a single ship, in the history of the US Navy. The ship had just finished a high - speed trip to United States Army Air Force Base at Titian, to deliver parts of the first atomic bomb ever used in combat (the United States' Little Boy atomic bomb) , and was on training duty. At 0015 on 30 July 1945 the ship was torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I - 58. The ship, on her way to the Philippines, sank in 12 minutes. Of, 196 crewmen aboard, approximately 300 went down with the ship. The remaining 900 faced exposure, dehydration, saltwater poisoning, and shark attacks while floating with few lifeboats and almost no food or water. The Navy learned of the sinking when survivors were spotted four days later by the crew of a PV - Ventura on routine patrol. Only 317 survived.",317
how many songs did lennon and mccartney write,"Lennon -- McCartney (sometimes McCartney -- Lennon) was the songwriting partnership between English musicians John Lennon (October 1940 -- December 1980) and Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) of the Beatles. It is one of the best known and most successful musical collaborations in history, with the Beatles selling over 600 million records, tapes and CDs as of 2004. Between 1962 and 1969, the partnership published approximately 180 jointly credited songs, of which the vast majority were recorded by the Beatles, forming the bulk of their catalog.",Approximately 180
who starred in the original orient express movie,"The film features the Belgian detective Hercules Poirot (Albert Finney) , who is asked to investigate the murder of an American business tycoon aboard the Orient Express train. The suspects are portrayed by a notably all - star cast, including Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, Sean Connery, John Gielgud, Vanessa Redgrave, Michael York, Jacqueline Basset, Anthony Perkins and Wendy Hitler. The screenplay is by Paul Dean as well as an uncredited Anthony Shaffer.","Ingrid Bergman, Albert Finney, Sean Connery, John Gielgud, Vanessa Redgrave, Michael York, Jacqueline Basset, Anthony Perkins, Wendy Hitler"
who is the song you're so vain referring to,"`` You're So Vain '' is a song written and performed by Carly Simon and released in November 1972. The song is a critical profile of a self-absorbed lover about whom Simon asserts `` You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you. '' The title subject's identity has long been a matter of speculation, with Simon stating that the song refers to three men, only one of whom she has named publicly, actor Warren Beatty. The song is ranked at 82 on Billboard's Greatest Songs of All - Time. `` You're So Vain '' was voted 216 in RIAA's Songs of the Century, and in August 2014, the UK's Official Charts Company crowned it the ultimate song of the 1970s.","Refers to three men, Only one of whom she has named publicly, Actor Warren Beatty"
who wrote if i never sing another song,"In 1973 Monroe released a vocal version of the popular Van her Talk TV - series theme titled `` And You Smiled '', with lyrics written by Melvin Haggard. It was his final hit. In 1977, he recorded the Don Black penned, `` If I Never Sing Another Song '', which became a latter-day standard among his contemporaries, its lyrics referring to the `` heyday '' of fan mail, awards, and other trappings of celebrity that had faded for them.",Don Black
what is the main language in czech republic,"Czech (/ to OK / ; testing Czech pronunciation : (ˈtʃɛʃcɪna) ), historically also Bohemian (/ boʊˈhiːmiən, by - / ; lingual Bohemia in Latin) , is a West Slavic language of the Czech -- Slovak group. Spoken by over 10 million people, it serves as the official language of the Czech Republic. Czech is closely related to Slovak, to the point of mutual intelligibility to a very high degree. Like other Slavic languages, Czech is a fusion language with a rich system of morphology and relatively flexible word order. Its vocabulary has been extensively influenced by Latin and German.",Czech
what color do you wear on st joseph's day,"Saint Joseph's Day is also celebrated in other American communities with high proportions of Italians such as New York City ; Utica / Rome, NY, Syracuse, NY, Niagara Falls, NY, Buffalo, NY, Hawthorne, NJ, Hoboken, NJ, Jersey City, NJ ; Kansas City, MO ; and Chicago ; Gloucester, Mass.  and Providence, Rhode Island, where observance (which takes place just after Saint Patrick's Day) often is expressed through `` the wearing of the red '', i.e., wearing red clothing or accessories similar to the wearing of green on Saint Patrick's Day. Saint Joseph's Day tables may also be found in Rockford and Elmwood Park, Illinois.",red
where did merle go in the walking dead,"Merle Dixon is a fictional character from the horror drama television series The Walking Dead, which airs on AMC in the United States. He was created by series developer Frank Marabout and portrayed by Michael Booker. The character was first introduced in the first season as a Southern redneck hunter who has a younger brother, Daryl. He is misogynistic and racist, which causes tensions between him and his group of survivors. Following an encounter with series protagonist Rick Grimes, Merle disappears and joins the community of Woodbury, Georgia, where he becomes the right - hand man of the Governor. He becomes caught in the conflict between the Governor and Rick, especially when nobody in Rick's group wants him in the group, except for Daryl.","The community of Woodbury, Georgia"
who did the original version of handbags and gladrags,"In November 1967, singer Chris Marlowe was the first to release a version of the song, produced by Mike d'Ago. It became a 33 hit in the United Kingdom for Immediate Records. This arrangement of the song featured Dave Greenslade's piano blues - scale riff. The song was included as track 13 (of 14) on Farlowe's 1969 album The Last Goodbye.",Chris Marlowe
who plays bob duncan in good luck charlie,"Eric Allan Kramer (born March 26, 1962) is an American - Canadian character actor. He has appeared in numerous feature films and television programs including True Romance and Robin Hood : Men in Pantyhose, but is best known for his role as Dave Rogers on The Highways and Bob Duncan on Good Luck Charlie from 2010 -- 2014.",Eric Allan Kramer
who plays desmond doss wife in hacksaw ridge,"Teresa Palmer as Dorothy Shuttle, Desmond's wife",Teresa Palmer
how did wolverine get his adamantium back after magneto removes it,"Wolverine lost his adamantine skeleton (and subsequently left the X-Men) . He did not get it back until 2000, when Apocalypse rebounded it to his skeleton, shown through flashback sequences during Wolverine (vol. ) 145. Genesis had attempted the same earlier, but did not succeed (during Wolverine (vol. ) 99 - 100) .",Apocalypse rebounded it to his skeleton
who played young tom riddle in harry potter,"Hero Beauregard Fences Tiffing (born November 1997) is an English actor best known for his role as the 11 - year - old Tom Riddle, the young version of antagonist Lord Voldemort (played in the films by his uncle, Ralph Fences) , in Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, the sixth installment of the Harry Potter films. He also played the role of `` younger Charlie '' in the war based film Private Peaceful.",Hero Beauregard Fences Tiffing
what football team is going to las vegas,"The Oakland Raiders relocation to Las Vegas was a successful effort by the owner of the Oakland Raiders (Mark Davis) to relocate the American football club from its current and longtime home of Oakland, California to Las Vegas, Nevada. The team is scheduled to begin play as the Las Vegas Raiders for the 2020 National Football League (NFL) season (although a move to Las Vegas could happen as soon as 2019 with Sam Boyd Stadium) , playing home games at the Las Vegas Stadium. NFL team owners voted 31 -- to approve the move, which was announced at the annual league meetings in Phoenix, Arizona on March 27, 2017. The Raiders became the third NFL franchise to relocate in the 2010s, following the Rams' move from St. Louis, Missouri to Los Angeles, California on January 12, 2016, and the Chargers' move from San Diego, California to Los Angeles on January 12, 2017. The Raiders' move to Las Vegas comes after years of failed efforts to renovate or replace the Oakland -- Alameda County Coliseum, which has been rated by multiple sources as one of the worst stadiums in the NFL.",Oakland Raiders
who was cast as alex in the big chill,"The Big Chill is a 1983 American comedy - drama film directed by Lawrence Asian, starring Tom Banger, Glenn Close, Jeff Goldblum, William Hurt, Kevin Kline, Mary Kay Place, Meg Tilly, and Jo Beth Williams. The plot focuses on a group of baby boomer college friends, who attended the University of Michigan, reunite after 15 years when one of their old comrades, Alex, commits suicide without warning. Kevin Costner was cast as Alex, but all scenes showing his face were cut.",Kevin Costner
what was the basic idea behind the anaconda plan,"The Anaconda Plan is the name applied to a U.S. Union Army outline strategy for suppressing the Confederacy at the beginning of the American Civil War. Proposed by General - in - Chief Winfield Scott, the plan emphasized a Union blockade of the Southern ports, and called for an advance down the Mississippi River to cut the South in two. Because the blockade would be rather passive, it was widely derided by a vociferous faction of Union generals who wanted a more vigorous prosecution of the war, and who likened it to the coils of an anaconda suffocating its victim. The snake image caught on, giving the proposal its popular name.","Emphasized a Union blockade of the Southern ports, And called for an advance down the Mississippi River to cut the South in two"
what general led the confederate army into pennsylvania,"The Gettysburg Campaign was a military invasion of Pennsylvania by the main Confederate army under General Robert E. Lee in summer 1863. The Union won a decisive victory at Gettysburg July --, with heavy casualties on both sides. Lee managed to escape back to Virginia with most of his army. It was a turning point in the American Civil War, with Lee increasingly pushed back toward Richmond until his surrender in April 1865. After his victory in the Battle of Chancellorsville, Lee's Army of Northern Virginia moved north for a massive raid designed to obtain desperately needed supplies, to undermine civilian morale in the North, and to encourage anti-war elements. The Union Army of the Potomac was commanded by Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker and then (from June 28) by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade.",Robert E. Lee
who plays the female sloth in ice age 5,"Jessie J as Brooke, a ground sloth who is a resident of Georgia and the love interest of Sid",Jessie J
where are the incisions made for a vasectomy,"The traditional incision approach of vasectomy involves numbing of the scrotum with local anesthetic (although some men's physiology may make access to the vas deferens more difficult in which case general anesthesia may be recommended) after which a scalpel is used to make two small incisions, one on each side of the scrotum at a location that allows the surgeon to bring each vas deferens to the surface for excision. The vasa deferentia are cut (sometimes a section may be removed altogether) , separated, and then at least one side is sealed by ligating (suturing) , cauterizing (electrocauterization) , or clamping. There are several variations to this method that improve healing, effectiveness, and which help mitigate long - term pain such as post-vasectomy pain syndrome (PVPS) or epididymitis.",On each side of the scrotum at a location that allows the surgeon to bring each vas deferens to the surface for excision
what's the name of the donkey on shrek,Donkey is a fictional fast - talking donkey created by William Stag and adapted by DreamWorks Animation for the Shrek franchise. The character is voiced by Eddie Murphy.,Donkey
what president is named in the theme song to all in the family,"And you knew where you were then Girls were girls, and men were men Mister, we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again",Herbert Hoover
where is the walk of fame in california,"The Hollywood Walk of Fame comprises more than, 600 five - pointed terrazzo and brass stars embedded in the sidewalks along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood, California. The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry, bearing the names of a mix of actors, musicians, directors, producers, musical and theatrical groups, fictional characters, and others. The Walk of Fame is administered by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and maintained by the self-financing Hollywood Historic Trust. It is a popular tourist destination, with a reported 10 million visitors in 2003.","Along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood, California"
what is the significance of april 27 1994 in south africa,"Freedom Day is a public holiday in South Africa celebrated on 27 April. It celebrates freedom and commemorates the first post-apartheid elections held on that day in 1994. The elections were the first non-racial national elections where everyone of voting age of over 18 from any race group, including foreign citizens permanently resident in South Africa, were allowed to vote. Previously, under the apartheid regime, non-whites in general had only limited rights to vote while indigenous black South Africans had no voting rights whatsoever.",First post-apartheid elections
when did the manhattan project began and end,"The Manhattan Project was a research and development project that produced the first atomic bombs during World War II. It was led by the United States with the support of the United Kingdom and Canada. From 1942 to 1946, the project was under the direction of Major General Leslie Groves of the US Army Corps of Engineers. The Army component of the project was designated the Manhattan District ; `` Manhattan '' gradually became the code name for the entire project. Along the way, the project absorbed its earlier British counterpart, Tube Alloys. The Manhattan Project began modestly in 1939, but grew to employ more than 130,000 people and cost nearly US $ billion (about $27 billion in 2017 dollars) . Over 90 % of the cost was for building factories and producing the fissionable materials, with less than 10 % for development and production of the weapons.",From 1942 to 1946
who is playing susan banks on days of our lives august 2018,"In January 2014, it was announced that Davidson would be returning to Days for a three - month story arc after having departed with the show in November 2013. In late September 2014, it was announced that Davidson would reprise her role as Susan Banks ; her first time portraying the character in 16 years. Davidson returned to the role once again on November 2017. She reprised the role of Susan's sister, Sister Mary Moira on November 21, 2017. Stacy Haiku debuted as Susan on August 21, 2018.",Stacy Haiku
who sang the song cotton fields back home,"`` Cotton Fields '' is a song written by American blues musician Huddle Led better, better known as Lead Belly, who made the first recording of the song in 1940.",Huddle Led better
role of epithelial tissue in the digestive system,"The intestinal epithelium is the layer of cells that forms the luminal surface or lining of both the small and large intestine (colon) of the gastrointestinal tract. It is composed of simple columnar epithelium. It has two important functions : absorbing helpful substances and providing a barrier against harmful substances. Some diseases and conditions are caused by dysfunction in the intestinal epithelium, and some diseases and conditions cause problems with these cells, which then leads to further complications.",Absorbing helpful substances and providing a barrier against harmful substances
what is the total population of new zealand,"In June 2016, New Zealand has an estimated population of, 693,000, up from the ,027,947 recorded in the 2006 census. The median child birthing age was 30 and the total fertility rate is. Births per woman in 2010. In Māori populations the median age is 26 and fertility rate. . In 2010 the age - standardized mortality rate was. Deaths per 1000 (down from. In 2000) and the infant mortality rate for the total population was. Deaths per 1000 live births. The life expectancy of a New Zealand child born in 2014 - 16 was 83. Years for females, and 79. Years for males. Life expectancy at birth is forecast to increase from 80 years to 85 years in 2050 and infant mortality is expected to decline. In 2050 the population is forecast to reach. a million, the median age to rise from 36 years to 43 years and the percentage of people 60 years of age and older rising from 18 percent to 29 percent. (The number of people aged 65 and over increased by 22 percent between the 2006 and 2013 censuses. ) During early migration in 1858, New Zealand had 131 males for every 100 females, but following changes in migration patterns and the modern longevity advantage of women, females came to outnumber males in 1971. As of 2012 there are .99 males per female, with males dominating under 15 years and females dominating in the 65 years and older range.",", 693,000"
who is mr kurtz in heart of darkness,"Kurtz is a central fictional character in Joseph Conrad's novella Heart of Darkness. A trader of ivory in Africa and commander of a trading post, he monopolizes his position as a demigod among native Africans. Kurtz meets with the novella's protagonist, Charles Marlow, who returns him to the coast via steamboat. Kurtz, whose reputation precedes him, impresses Marlow strongly, and during the return journey Marlow is witness to Kurtz's final moments.",A trader of ivory in Africa and commander of a trading post
when did planet of the apes come out,"The producers were confident enough in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes that they started planning for the next installment before production had completed. They contracted Matt Reeves to return as director after seeing his cut of Dawn ; he also wrote the script with Mark Comeback. Peter Wherein, Rick Jeff and Amanda Silver serve as producers. The film, War for the Planet of the Apes, was released on July 14, 2017. Woody Harrelson and Gabriel Chavarría played human characters, while Steve Hahn played Bad Ape. The film received overwhelmingly positive reviews. It earned $490,567,967 against a $150 million budget.","July 14, 2017"
who is recently appointed as union railway minister,"The Minister of Railways is the head of the Ministry of Railways of the Government of India. The railway minister is usually accorded a cabinet rank, and is responsible for Indian Railways, the largest employer in the world. An important responsibility of the railway minister is to present in Parliament the Railway Budget, the Annual Financial Statement of Indian Railways. Push Goal of the Bharat Jana ta Party is the current Minister of Railways, serving since September 2017. Railways Minister (India)",Push Goal
who sings i want to talk about me,`` I Want to Talk About Me '' is a song written by Bobby Braddock and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released in August 2001 as the second single from Keith's album Pull My Chain. The song was his seventh Number One single on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts.,Toby Keith
when was the last time texas was a democratic state,"In a reversal of alignments, since the late 1960s the Republican Party has grown more prominent within the state based on an influx of primarily white voters (the majority in the state) from the Democratic Party. By the mid-1990s, it became the state's dominant political party.",The mid-1990s
when did china adopt the one child policy,"The one - child policy, a part of the family planning policy, was a population planning policy of China. It was introduced in 1979 and began to be formally phased out in 2015. The policy allowed exceptions for many groups, including ethnic minorities. In 2007, 36 % of China's population was subject to a strict one - child restriction, with an additional 53 % being allowed to have a second child if the first child was a girl. Provincial governments imposed fines for violations, and the local and national governments created commissions to raise awareness and carry out registration and inspection work.",1979
the medical term for removal of the stapes is,"Sclerosis is a congenital or spontaneous - onset disease characterized by abnormal bone remodeling in the inner ear. Often this causes the States to adhere to the oval window, which impedes its ability to conduct sound, and is a cause of conductive hearing loss. Clinical sclerosis is found in about % of people, although it is more common in forms that do not cause noticeable hearing loss. Sclerosis is more likely in young age groups, and females. Two common treatments are stapedectomy, the surgical removal of the States and replacement with an artificial prosthesis, and stapedotomy, the creation of a small hole in the base of the States followed by the insertion of an artificial prosthesis into that hole. Surgery may be complicated by a persistent special artery, fibrosis - related damage to the base of the bone, or alliterative sclerosis, resulting in obliteration of the base.",stapedectomy
who does the voice of jake the dog,"John William DiMaggio (born September 1968) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian, known for his gruff voice, and for his work as Bender from the television show Fukuyama, Jake the Dog on Adventure Time, and Marcus Felix in the hit Xbox video game Gears of War. Other voice - over roles of his include Dr. Drunken and Motor Ed on Kim Possible, Brother Blood on Teen Titans, Aquaman in Batman : The Brave and the Bold, Rico in The Penguins of Madagascar, FM Dog and Ogre In American Dragon : Jake Long, Giblet on Pound Puppies, the Scotsman on Samurai Jack, and Schnitzel on Chowder.",John William DiMaggio
who sings with the rolling stones gimme shelter,"Merry Clayton (born December 25, 1948) is an American soul and gospel singer and an actress. She provided a number of backing vocal tracks for major performing artists in the 1960s, most notably in her duet with Mick Jagger on the Rolling Stones song `` Gimme Shelter. '' Clayton is featured in 20 Feet from Stardom, the Oscar - winning documentary about background singers and their contributions to the music industry. In 2013, she released The Best of Merry Clayton, a compilation of her favorite songs.",Merry Clayton
meaning of the song helena by my chemical romance,"Though the song in general is about the band members Gerard Way and Mikey Way's late grandmother, it was stated in an interview that the video told a different story. The music video shows the funeral of a girl, who, according to Gerard Way, died tragically (possibly in a car crash, with the line in the bridge of the song, `` When both our cars collide. '') The sixth pallbearer and the majority of the mourners are fans who'd received emails from the band asking if they'd like to be in the video.",About the band members Gerard Way and Mikey Way's late grandmother
who sings i don't want to lose your love tonight,"`` I Don't Want to Lose Your Love '' is a song written by Joey Carbone, and recorded by American country music artist Crystal Gayle. It was released in February 1984 as the second single from the album Cage the Songbird. The song reached number on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. This is originally sung by John O'Banion in 1982.","John O'Banion, American country music artist Crystal Gayle"
who is the president of iowa state university,"Wendy Winters teen was named president of Iowa State University on October 23, 2017, and assumed the position on November 20, 2017.",Wendy Winters teen
what would the winner of the greek theater contest win,"Another procession and celebration was held on the final day, when the judges chose the winners of the tragedy and comedy performances. The winning playwrights were awarded a wreath of ivy.",A wreath of ivy
what was the capital city of the aztec empire,"Tenochtitlan (Spanish : Tenochtitlan, Spanish pronunciation : (Mexico Tenochtitlan) (listen) ), originally known as México - Tenochtitlan (Classical Nahuatl : Mexico - Tenochtitlan (meːˈʃíʔ. Ko the. not. CTI. T͡ɬan) ), was a large Mexico city - state on an island in Lake Texcoco in the Valley of Mexico. Founded on June 20, 1325, it was the capital of the expanding Aztec Empire in the 15th century until it was captured by the Spanish in 1521.",Tenochtitlan
what is the southern most point in canada,"Middle Island is a small island, just 18. Hectares (46 acres) in size. It is the southernmost point of land in Canada, located at 41° 41'N, 82° 41 `` W (41.685, - 82.684) , or about 41. Degrees north latitude. It lies in Lake Erie, just south of Pelee Island, and is part of Point Pelee National Park. It forms part of the province of Ontario. The southernmost part of the island lies some 150 meters (164 yards) from the U.S. maritime boundary. The distance to the northernmost point of land in Canada -- Cape Columbia, Ellesmere Island -- is, 640 kilometers (,883 miles) .",Middle Island
where is the college softball world series played,"The Women's College World Series (WCWS) is the final portion of the NCAA Division I Softball Championship for college softball in the United States. The tournament format consists of two four - team double - elimination brackets. The winners of each bracket then compete in the best - of - three series to determine the Division I WCWS National Champion. The WCWS takes place at ASA Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City. From 1969 to 1981, the women's collegiate softball championship was also known as the Women's College World Series and was promoted as such. During 1969 -- 1979, the series was played in Omaha, and in 1980 -- 1982 in Norman, Oklahoma. The NCAA held its first six Division I tournaments in Omaha in 1982 -- 1987, followed by Sunnyvale, California in 1988 -- 1989. The event has been held in Oklahoma City every year since then, except for 1996 in Columbus, Georgia.",Oklahoma City
who played jessica in man from snowy river,"The Man from Snowy River is a 1982 Australian drama film based on the Banjo Paterson poem `` The Man from Snowy River ''. The film had a cast including Kirk Douglas in a dual role as the brothers Harrison (a character who appeared frequently in Paterson's poems) and Spur, Jack Thompson as Clancy, Tom Burlington as Jim Craig, Sigrid Thornton as Harrison's daughter Jessica, Terence Donovan as Jim's father Henry Craig, and Chris Haywood as Curly.",Sigrid Thornton
who had the rights to the krays book,"Our Story is an autobiographical book by Ronnie and Reggie Ray with Fred Lineage. It was first released in 1988 by Sedgwick & Jackson, and in paperback on September 1989 by Pan Books.","Sedgwick & Jackson, Pan Books"
where did andy go at the end of shawshank redemption,"After serving 40 years, Red is paroled. He struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears that he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Button and finds a cache containing money and a letter asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole and travels to Fort Hancock, Texas to cross the border to Mexico, admitting he finally feels hope. On a beach in Zihuatanejo he finds Andy, and the two friends are happily reunited.",Zihuatanejo
where did the french and indian war start,"Fighting took place primarily along the frontiers between New France and the British colonies, from Virginia in the south to Newfoundland in the north. It began with a dispute over control of the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers called the Forks of the Ohio, and the site of the French Fort Duquesne within present - day Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The dispute erupted into violence in the Battle of Eatonville Glen in May 1754, during which Virginia militiamen under the command of 22 - year - old George Washington ambushed a French patrol.",Pennsylvania
what is the reason of war between saudi and yemen,"A military intervention was launched by Saudi Arabia in 2015, leading a coalition of nine African and Middle East countries, to influence the outcome of the Yemeni Civil War in favor of the government of President Abdrabbuh Manner Heidi. Code - named' Operation Decisive Storm (Arabic : عملية عاصفة الحزم ‎ Amalia' Asia all - Harm) , the intervention initially consisted of a bombing campaign on South Rebels and later saw a naval blockade and the deployment of ground forces into Yemen. The Saudi - led coalition has attacked the positions of the South militia and loyalists of the former President of Yemen, Ali Abdullah Sale, allegedly supported by Iran (See Iran -- Saudi Arabia proxy conflict) , in response to a request from the internationally - recognized government of President Abdrabbuh Manner Heidi. The perception that Iran is directly controlling the Youths is contradicted due to statement made on April 2015, by National Security Council spokeswoman Bernadette Meghan : `` It remains our assessment that Iran does not exert command and control over the Youths in Yemen ''",Influence the outcome of the Yemeni Civil War in favor of the government of President Abdrabbuh Manner Heidi
what is mcdonald's special sauce on the big mac,"In 2012, McDonald's admitted that `` the special sauce ingredients were not really a secret '' because the recipe had been available online `` for years ''. It consists of store - bought mayonnaise, sweet pickle relish and yellow mustard whisked together with vinegar, garlic powder, onion powder and paprika.","Store - bought mayonnaise, Sweet pickle relish and yellow mustard whisked together with vinegar, Garlic powder, Onion powder and paprika"
mukkurthi national park in nilgiri hills is the sanctuary for,"Mukurthi National Park (MNP) is a 78.46 km (30. Sq mi) protected area located in the western corner of the Nigeria Plateau west of Ootacamund hill station in the northwest corner of Tamil Nadu state in the Western Ghats mountain range of South India. The park was created to protect its keystone species, the Nigeria tar.",The Nigeria tar
who played charlie conway in the mighty ducks,"Joshua Browning Carter Jackson (born June 11, 1978) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared in prime time television and in over 30 film roles. His well - known roles include Pacey Witter in Dawson's Creek, Charlie Conway in The Mighty Ducks film series, Peter Bishop in Fringe, and Cole Lockhart in The Affair. Jackson won the Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role for his performance in the Canadian independent film One Week.",Joshua Browning Carter Jackson
what happens during the s stage of interphase,"Synthesis (S) , in which the cell duplicates its DNA (via semiconservative replication) .",The cell duplicates its DNA
who was the boy that played the banjo in the movie deliverance,"Billy Redden (born 1956) is an American actor, best known for his role as a backwood, mountain boy in the 1972 film Deliverance. He played Lonnie, a banjo - playing teenager of the country in north Georgia, who played the noted `` Dueling Banjos '' with Drew Bellinger (Ronny Cox) . The film was critically acclaimed and received nominations for awards in several categories.",Billy Redden
who is the greatest horse that ever lived,"Secretariat (March 30, 1970 -- October 1989) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who, in 1973, became the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years. His record-breaking win in the Belmont Stakes, where he left the field 31 lengths behind him, is widely regarded as one of the greatest races of all time. During his racing career, he won five Eclipse Awards, including Horse of the Year honors at ages two and three. He was elected to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1974. In the List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century, Secretariat is second only to Man o' War (racing career 1919 -- 1920) , who also was a large chestnut colt given the nickname `` Big Red ''.",Secretariat
who played the original michael myers on halloween,"Michael Myers is a fictional character from the Halloween series of slasher films. He first appears in John Carpenter's Halloween (1978) as a young boy who murders his sister and then, fifteen years later, returns home to murder more teenagers. In the original Halloween, the adult Michael Myers, referred to as The Shape in the closing credits, was portrayed by Nick Castle for most of the film, with Tony Moran and Tommy Lee Wallace substituting in during the final scenes. The character was created by Debra Hill and John Carpenter and has appeared in nine films, as well as novels, multiple video games, and several comic books.","Nick Castle for most of the film, With Tony Moran and Tommy Lee Wallace substituting in during the final scenes"
when does carlos find out about the affair,"Metal was a regular cast member during the first season. However, after the affair is revealed to Carlos in the first season finale by John himself, Metal left the regular cast. Since his departure, he has made several guest appearances in subsequent seasons.",The first season finale
when did mamma mia film first come out,"Principal photography primarily took place on the island of Slopes, Greece from August to September 2007. The film was distributed by Universal Pictures. Mamma Mia ! Held its world premiere on June 30, 2008, at Leicester Square in London and premiered on July 2008 in Stockholm, Sweden, with Andersson, Bjorn Slaves, Anti -F rid Gangsta and Agatha Fatso in attendance. The film was released theatrically on July 10 in the United Kingdom, on July 17 in Germany and on July 18 in the United States. It received mixed reviews from critics, who praised the musical numbers and production values, but criticized the plot and casting of inexperienced singers, in particular Bosnian and Starboard. Nonetheless, the film grossed $615 million worldwide on a $52 million budget, becoming the fifth highest - grossing film of 2008. A sequel, titled Mamma Mia ! Here We Go Again, was released on July 20, 2018, with much of the main cast returning.","June 30, 2008"
who is the real winner of 1965 war,"India had the upper hand over Pakistan when the ceasefire was declared. Although the two countries fought to a standoff, the conflict is seen as a strategic and political defeat for Pakistan, as it had neither succeeded in fomenting insurrection in Kashmir nor had it been able to gain meaningful support at an international level.",India
who plays the school nurse in hannah montana forever,"Lori (Christine Taylor) is a nurse at Sea view High School whom Robby Ray is dating. Miley first overhears her phone - conversation with her mother (continuously trying to set her up with dates in order to get discounts) , and sets her up with Robby Ray. She only appears in three episodes.",Christine Taylor
when did jazz became popular in the united states,"The Jazz Age was a period in the 1920s and 1930s in which jazz music and dance styles rapidly gained nationwide popularity. The Jazz Age's cultural repercussions were primarily felt in the United States, the birthplace of jazz. Originating in New Orleans as a fusion of African and European music, jazz played a significant part in wider cultural changes in this period, and its influence on pop culture continued long afterwards. The Jazz Age is often referred to in conjunction with the Roaring Twenties. American author F. Scott Fitzgerald is widely credited with coining the term, first using it in the title of his 1922 short story collection, Tales of the Jazz Age.",A period in the 1920s and 1930s
what is the cut for the masters golf,"After 36 holes of play, a cut - off score is calculated to reduce the size of the field for the weekend rounds. To `` make the cut '', players must be either in the top 50 places (ties counting) , or within 10 strokes of the leader's score. These criteria have applied since 2013. From 1957 to 1960, the top 40 scores (including ties) and those within 10 strokes of the leader made the cut. From 1961 to 2012, it was the top 44 (and ties) or within 10 strokes of the lead. Before 1957, there was no 36 - hole cut and all the invitees played four rounds, if desired.","In the top 50 places (ties counting), Within 10 strokes of the leader's score"
anjali tarak mehta ka ooltah chashmah real name,NEA Meta (born June 1978) is an Indian television actress. She is best known for her role of Anjali Meta in India's longest running sitcom TV serial Tiara Meta Key Volta Chairman. Her title role of Sarah in Star Plus serial Bhaji made her a popular face in Indian television.,NEA Meta
the govt of india presents its annual budget in the,"The Union Budget of India, also referred to as the Annual Financial Statement in the Article 112 of the Constitution of India, is the annual budget of the Republic of India. The Government presents it on the first day of February so that it could be materialized before the commencement of new financial year in April. Till 2016, it was presented on the last working day of February by the Finance Minister of India in Parliament. The budget, which is presented by means of the Finance bill and the Appropriation bill has to be passed by both the Houses before it can come into effect from April, the start of India's financial year.","Finance bill, Appropriation bill"
what is a curate in the anglican church,"In the Church of England today, `` curate '' refers to priests (or, in the first year, transitional deacons) who are in their first post after ordination (usually for four years) , and are completing their training (not unlike an apprenticeship) . The technical term `` curate '', as found in the 1662 Book of Common Prayer, meant the incumbent of a benefice, that is the person licensed by the diocesan bishop to the `` cure of souls '', who, depending on how the benefice income was raised and distributed, was either a rector, a vicar, or a perpetual curate.","Priests (or, In the first year, Transitional deacons) who are in their first post after ordination (usually for four years), And are completing their training (not unlike an apprenticeship)"
who is the lead singer in five finger death punch,"Ivan L. Moody (born Ivan Lewis Greening) , (born January 1980) known by the pseudonym Ghost during his time with Motograter, is the lead vocalist for American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch. He had performed for several bands before settling down with Five Finger Death Punch (often abbreviated to FFDP or FDP) . As an actor, he also starred in the films Bled as Incubus, and The Devil's Carnival as the hobo clown.",Ivan L. Moody
what physical effect causes circulation in the atmosphere of jupiter,"Circulation in Jupiter's atmosphere is markedly different from that in the atmosphere of Earth. The interior of Jupiter is fluid and lacks any solid surface. Therefore, convection may occur throughout the planet's outer molecular envelope. As of 2008, a comprehensive theory of the dynamics of the Jovian atmosphere has not been developed. Any such theory needs to explain the following facts : the existence of narrow stable bands and jets that are symmetric relative to Jupiter's equator, the strong prograde jet observed at the equator, the difference between zones and belts, and the origin and persistence of large vortices such as the Great Red Spot.",convection
who holds the record for the longest field goal,"The longest field goal kick in NFL history is 64 yards, a record set by Matt Prater on December 2013. The previous record was 63, originally set by Tom Dempsey and then matched by Jason Elam, Sebastian Malinowski, and David Makers. High school, college and most professional football leagues offer only a three - point field goal ; however, some professional leagues have encouraged more rare kicks through four - point field goals. NFL Europe encouraged long field goals of 50 yards or more by making those worth four points instead of three (much like Australian rules' Super Goal or basketball's three - point line) , a rule since adopted by the Stars Football League. Similarly, the sport of arena football sought (unsuccessfully) to repopularize the drop-kick by making that worth four points ; it failed, since only one kicker (Brian Mitchell) was able to do it with any semblance of proficiency. (In six - man football, where there is no offensive line, all field goals are worth four points instead of the usual three. )",Matt Prater
when are they coming out with season 2 of riverdale,"Riverdale is an American teen drama television series based on the characters by Archie Comics. It was ordered to series at The CW in May 2016, and the 13 - episode first season premiered on January 26, 2017, and concluded on May 11, 2017. It was adapted for television by Archie Comics' chief creative officer Roberto Aguirre - Sacks and executive produced by Greg Berlin. On March 2017, The CW renewed the series for a second season, which is scheduled to debut on October 11, 2017.","October 11, 2017"
when did the book of eli come out,"The Book of Eli is a 2010 American post-apocalyptic neo-Western action film directed by the Hughes brothers, written by Gary Whit ta, and starring Denzel Washington, Gary Oldman, Mila Kunis, Ray Stevenson, and Jennifer Bears. The story revolves around Eli, a nomad in a post-apocalyptic world, who is told by a voice to deliver his copy of a mysterious book to a safe location on the West Coast of the United States. The history of the post-war world is explained along the way, as is the importance of Eli's task. Filming began in February 2009 and took place in New Mexico.",2010
how many songs did the grateful dead play,"Their first UK performance was at the Hollywood Music Festival in 1970. Their largest concert audience came in 1973 when they played, along with the Allman Brothers Band and the Band, before an estimated 600,000 people at the Summer Jam at Watkins Glen. The 1998 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records recognized them with a listing under the heading, `` most rock concerts performed '' (,318 concerts) . They played to an estimated total of 25 million people, more than any other band, with audiences of up to 80,000 attending a single show. Many of these concerts were preserved in the band's tape vault, and several dozen have since been released on CD and as downloads. The Dead were known for the tremendous variation in their set lists from night to night -- the list of songs documented to have been played by the band exceeds 500. The band has released four concert videos under the name View from the Vault.",Songs documented to have been played by the band exceeds 500
what season of the game of thrones is it,"The seventh season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered on HBO on July 16, 2017, and concluded on August 27, 2017. Unlike previous seasons that consisted of ten episodes each, the seventh season consisted of only seven. Like the previous season, it largely consisted of original content not found in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series, while also incorporating material Martin revealed to show runners about the upcoming novels in the series. The series was adapted for television by David Benioff and D.B. Weiss.",Seventh season
when did hearst castle became a state park,"Hearst Castle is a National Historic Landmark and California Historical Landmark mansion located on the Central Coast of California, United States. Designed by architect Julia Morgan, it was a residence for newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst between 1919 and 1947. Hearst died in 1951, and it became a California State Park in 1954. The site was opened to visitors in 1958. Since that time it has been operated as the Hearst San Simeon State Historical Monument where the estate, and its considerable collection of art and antiques, is open for public tours. Despite its location far from any urban center, the site attracts `` millions of travelers each year ''.",1954
who plays the god of wisdom in gods of egypt,"Chadwick Boseman as Thoth, the Egyptian God of Wisdom.",Chadwick Boseman
what is the population of eagle river wi,"Eagle River is a city in Vila's County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was, 398 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Vila's County. Because of the many lakes in the area, the city is a popular vacation and retirement destination. The area contains many condominium, seasonal vacation homes, and hunting cabins.",", 398"
how many terminals are there at vienna airport,"Vienna International Airport has four terminal buildings named Terminal, and which are directly built against each other as well as the additional Terminal A located opposite Terminal. Terminals, and connect to the five concourses. The central arrivals' hall for all terminal areas is located in Terminal.",four
who wins at the end of friday night lights,"Permian is successful in the playoffs, but all eyes are on the state powerhouse Dallas Carter High School. Permian and Carter make it to the state championship game, which is held at the Astronomy due to the schools' different demographics. Miles rejoins the team and watches from the sidelines as the Panthers head into the game. They are initially overwhelmed by Carter's superior size and fall behind, but mount a comeback in the second half to pull within one score. The defense improves its tackling, and the offense pushes through despite injuries. After a defensive stop, Winchell, Comer, and Willingly mount a final drive, but Comer and Willingly are injured. Willingly goes back in, and holds onto the ball for a big run, but it is called back for a holding penalty. On fourth down, Winchell is stopped just short of the goal line as the clock runs out, and Carter wins the championship.",Dallas Carter High School
what is the most common cause of depurination,"When deprivation occurs with DNA, it leads to the formation of purine site and results in an alteration of the structure. Studies estimate that as many as, 000 purines are lost this way each day in a typical human cell. In cells, one of the main causes of deprivation is the presence of endogenous metabolites undergoing chemical reactions. Purine sites in double-stranded DNA are efficiently repaired by portions of the base excision repair (BER) pathway. Reprinted bases in single - stranded DNA undergoing replication can lead to mutations, because in the absence of information from the complementary strand, BER can add an incorrect base at the purine site, resulting in either a transition or transversion mutation.",The presence of endogenous metabolites undergoing chemical reactions
who plays zoe barnes on house of cards,"Kate Rooney Mara (/ ˈmɛərə / AIR - ə ; born February 27, 1983) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as reporter Zoe Barnes in the Netflix political drama House of Cards (2013 -- 2014 ; 2016) , computer analyst Shari Rosenberg in the Fox thriller series 24 (2006) and Ben Harmon's vengeful mistress Hayden McClain in the FX horror miniseries American Horror Story : Murder House (2011) .",Kate Rooney Mara
where did zeus spend most of his time,"Zeus (/ Zeus / ; Greek : Ζεύς Zeus (Zeus) ) is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion, who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus. His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter. His mythologies and powers are similar, though not identical, to those of Indo-European deities such as Indra, Jupiter, Peru, Thor, and Odin.",Mount Olympus
when do you have a high pressure zone,"A high - pressure area, high or anticyclone is a region where the atmospheric pressure at the surface of the planet is greater than its surrounding environment.",Where the atmospheric pressure at the surface of the planet is greater than its surrounding environment
what is the end of the bone called,"The long bones are those that are longer than they are wide. They are one of five types of bones : long, short, flat, irregular and sesamoid. Long bones, especially the femur and tibia, are subjected to most of the load during daily activities, and they are crucial for skeletal mobility. They grow primarily by elongation of the diaphysis, with an epiphysis at each end of the growing bone. The ends of epiphyses are covered with hyaline cartilage (`` articular cartilage '') . The longitudinal growth of long bones is a result of endochondral ossification at the epiphyses plate. Bone growth in length is stimulated by the production of growth hormone (GH) , a secretion of the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland.",epiphysis
where did the name montgomery biscuits come from,"The Biscuits became Montgomery's first Major League Baseball - affiliated team since 1980, when the Montgomery Rebels, a Detroit Tigers affiliate, played their final season in the Southern League at Montgomery's Paterson Field. The Biscuits' owners, Sherrie Myers and Tom Dickson, were selected from six different ownership groups during an extensive search for a public - private partner by the City of Montgomery. Myers and Dickson selected the team's nickname from over, 000 entries in a `` name the team '' contest, due in part to tying into indigenous affiliation and potential marketing and pun possibilities (for example, `` Hey, Butter, Butter, Butter '' or the team's souvenir store, the `` Biscuit Basket '') . Several successful minor league teams have campy, quirky names to relate to families and kids. During games, biscuits are shot from an air cannon, into the stands. The official team colors are Butter and Blue.","From over, 000 entries in a `` name the team '' contest, Due in part to tying into indigenous affiliation and potential marketing and pun possibilities (for example, `` Hey, Butter, Butter, Butter '' or the team's souvenir store, The `` Biscuit Basket '')"
the chemicals produced in plants which stimulate growth are called,"Plant hormones (also known as phytohormones) are chemicals that regulate plant growth. In the United Kingdom, these are termed' plant growth substances' .",Plant hormones
who sang can't live without you originally,"`` Without You '' is a song written by Pete Ham and Tom Evans of British rock group Bad finger, and first released on their 1970 album No Dice. The song has been recorded by over 180 artists, and versions released as singles by Harry Wilson (1971) and Mariah Carey (1994) became international bestsellers. Paul McCartney once described the ballad as `` the killer song of all time ''.",Bad finger
where did a river runs through it take place,"A River Runs Through It is a 1992 American period coming - of - age drama film directed by Robert Redford and starring Craig Shaffer, Brad Pitt, Tom Merritt, Brenda Bethan, and Emily Lloyd. It is a based on the 1976 semi-autobiographical novel A River Runs Through It by Norman Maclean, adapted for the screen by Richard Friedberg. Set in and around Missoula, Montana, the story follows two sons of a Presbyterian minister, one studious and the other rebellious, as they grow up and come of age in the Rocky Mountain region during a span of time from roughly World War I to the early days of the Great Depression, including part of the Prohibition era.","Missoula, Montana"
when does game of thrones end season 7,"The seventh season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered on HBO on July 16, 2017, and concluded on August 27, 2017. Unlike previous seasons that consisted of ten episodes each, the seventh season consisted of only seven. Like the previous season, it largely consisted of original content not found in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series, while also adapting material Martin revealed to show runners about the upcoming novels in the series. The series was adapted for television by David Benioff and D.B. Weiss.","August 27, 2017"
which congressional act was passed to end the abuses of the spoils system,"The term was used particularly in politics of the United States, where the federal government operated on a spoils' system until the Pendleton Act was passed in 1883 due to a civil service reform movement. Thereafter, the spoils' system was largely replaced by a nonpartisan merit at the federal level of the United States.",The Pendleton Act
how much wood could a woodchuck chuck tongue twister lyrics,"How much wood would a woodchuck chuck is an American English - language tongue - twister. The woodchuck from the Algonquian word `` we jack '' is a kind of marmot regionally called a groundhog. The complete beginning of the tongue - twister usually goes : `` How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? '' The tongue - twister relies primarily on alliteration to achieve its effects, with five `` w '' sounds interspersed among five `` ch '' sounds.",`` How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? ''
where did a nuclear reactor explode in ukraine,"The Chernobyl disaster, also referred to as the Chernobyl accident, was a catastrophic nuclear accident. It occurred on 26 April 1986 in the No. light water graphite moderated reactor at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant near Pripyat, a town in northern Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic which was part of the Soviet Union (USSR) .","At the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant near Pripyat, A town in northern Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic which was part of the Soviet Union (USSR)"
when will olaf's frozen adventure be on dvd,"The film was made available in the digital format on December 19, 2017, while in the UK it was released as a Tesco - exclusive DVD on December 2017.","December, 2017"
where is the us embassy in mexico located,"The Embassy of the United States of America in Mexico City is the diplomatic mission of the United States of America to the United Mexican States. The embassy's chancery is situated on the Paseo de la Reform, Colonia Cuauhtémoc, Mexico City. The current United States Ambassador to Mexico is Roberta S. Jacobson.","Paseo de la Reform, Colonia Cuauhtémoc, Mexico City"
how long is the edolas arc in fairy tail,"The third season of the Fairy Tail anime series was directed by Shinji Isidora and produced by A- Pictures and Sate light. Like the rest of the series, it follows the adventures of NATU Dragnet and Lucy Heartfelt of the fictional guild, Fairy Tail. The season contains two-story arcs. The first 24 episodes adapt the rest of the manga's 20th volume through the beginning of the 24th volume to form the `` Dolls '' (エドラス 編, Fedoras - hen) arc, wherein the guild becomes trapped in the parallel universe Dolls to be used by the world's ruler Faust to restore magic to his kingdom, and set out to return to their world with the aid of Faust's son Slogan and Happy's race of winged cats called to Exceed. The remaining episodes adapt the rest of the 24th volume through the beginning of the 25th volume as part of the `` Sirius Island '' (天 狼 島 編, `` Tenrōjima - hen '') arc, which focuses on NATU and the guild's other strongest members as they take their S - Class examination on Sirius Island.",24 episodes
who is the winner of america's got talent 2016,"Grace VanderWaal was announced as the winner on September 14, 2016, making her the second female act and the second child act to win the show since season. Mentalist duo, The Clairvoyants, placed second, marking the first time that females placed in the top two positions. Magician Jon Dozens, an NFL long snapper for the Philadelphia Eagles, placed third.",Grace VanderWaal
what was the vote of texas vs johnson case,"The opinion of the Court came down as a controversial -- decision, with the majority opinion delivered by William J. Brennan, Jr. and Justices Thurgood Marshall, Harry Black mun, Antonin Scalia, and Anthony Kennedy joining Brennan, with Kennedy also writing a concurrence.",--
who plays jake in girlfriends guide to divorce,"Paul Edelstein as Jake Novak, Abby's husband from whom she is recently separated. He is a director with a limited amount of success and has up until now lived in Abby's shadow. (season - ; recurring season)",Paul Edelstein
who won the grey cup this year 2017,"The 105th Grey Cup was played on November 26, 2017, between the Calgary Stampedes and the Toronto Argonauts at TD Place Stadium in Ottawa, Ontario. The teams last met (in the finals) at the 100th Grey Cup, won by the Argonauts. The Argos won the game 27 -- 24 and captured their 17th Grey Cup championship.",The Toronto Argonauts
where does the xbox 360 controller plug in,"The wireless controllers run on either AA batteries or a rechargeable battery pack. The wired controllers may be connected to any of the USB ports on the console, or to an attached USB hub.","Any of the USB ports on the console, An attached USB hub"
what's the hottest natural pepper in the world,"In 2007, Guinness World Records certified that the ghost pepper was the world's the hottest chili pepper, 400 times hotter than Tabasco sauce. The ghost chili is rated at more than a million Seville heat units (SHU's) . However, the ghost chili was shortly superseded by the Infinity chili in 2011, followed by the Nāga Viper, the Trinidad Morgan scorpion in 2012 and the Carolina Reaper on August 2013.",The ghost pepper
where does the head of the rib attach,"Each rib consists of a head, neck, and a shaft, and they are numbered from top to bottom. The head of a rib is the end part closest to the spine with which it articulates. It is marked by a kidney - shaped articular surface which is divided by a horizontal crest into two facets. The superior facet is smaller and articulates with the vertebra above, and the inferior facet articulates with the vertebra of the same number. The transverse process of a thoracic vertebra also articulates with the rib of the same number. The crest gives attachment to the intra-articular ligament. All ribs are attached posteriorly to the thoracic vertebrae.",The spine
where does the cape may ferry go to,"The Cape May --L ewes Ferry is a ferry system in the United States that traverses a 17 - mile (27 km) crossing of the Delaware Bay to connect North Cape May, New Jersey with Lewis, Delaware. The ferry constitutes a portion of U.S. Route, and is the final crossing of the Delaware River - Delaware Bay waterway before it meets the Atlantic Ocean.","Lewis, Delaware"
where does the song that never ends come from,"`` The Song That Doesn't End '' (originally, `` The Song That Doesn't End '') is a self-referential and infinitely iterative children's song. The song appears on the album Lamb Chop's Sing - Along, Play - Along by puppeteer Shari Lewis. It is a single verse long song, written in an infinite - loop motif in a march style, such that it naturally flows in a cyclical fashion, repeating the same verse over and over. It is still a very popular tune, typically sung during long car journeys. The song was written by writer / composer Norman Martin in 1988. Initially, some people started singing the song without understanding exactly what it was. However, they continued singing it just because it was a never ending song.","Lamb Chop's Sing - Along, Play - Along"
who played the giant woman in deuce bigalow,Big Boy as Luisa aka ABBA,Big Boy
when does agt season 13 start on tv,"Season thirteen of the reality competition series America's Got Talent premiered on May 29, 2018, on NBC. Howie Manuel, Mel B, Heidi Klum and Simon Cowell returned as judges for their respective ninth, sixth, sixth, and third seasons. Meanwhile, Tyra Banks returned for her second season as host.","May 29, 2018"
what does barium do in a ct scan,"Barium sulfate suspension, often simply called barium, is a contrast agent used during X-rays. Specifically it is used to improve visualization of the gastrointestinal tract (esophagus, stomach, intestines) on plain X-ray or computed tomography. It is taken by mouth or used rectally.",Improve visualization
who plays ray in star wars the last jedi,"Rey is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise, portrayed by English actress Daisy Ridley. First appearing as the main character in Star Wars : The Force Awakens, Rey is a scavenger who was left behind on the planet Jack when she was a child, and later becomes involved with the Resistance's conflict with the First Order when her solitary life is interrupted by BB -, the droid of ace Resistance pilot Poe Cameron, and a runaway Stormtrooper named Finn.",Daisy Ridley
when did the i pad air 2 come out,"In October 2014, Apple released the iPad Air and the iPad Mini. The iPad Air is the first iOS device to feature a triple core CPU and GB of RAM. As well as being thinner and faster than its predecessor, the iPad Air, it features Touch ID and is available with a gold color option. The iPad Mini is similar than the iPad Mini in design and hardware, but also includes Touch ID and available in gold color.",October 2014
who is the leader of the united kingdom 2017,"The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the head of Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom. The Prime Minister (informally abbreviated to PM) and Cabinet (consisting of all the most senior ministers, most of whom are government department heads) are collectively accountable for their policies and actions to the Monarch, to Parliament, to their political party and ultimately to the electorate. The office is one of the Great Offices of State. The current holder of the office, Theresa May, leader of the Conservative Party, was appointed by the Queen on 13 July 2016.",Theresa May
when was the last time someone had smallpox,"By the end of 1975, smallpox persisted only in the Horn of Africa. Conditions were very difficult in Ethiopia and Somalia, where there were few roads. Civil war, famine, and refugees made the task even more difficult. An intensive surveillance and containment and vaccination program was undertaken in these countries in early and mid-1977, under the direction of Australian microbiologist Frank Fencer. As the campaign neared its goal, Fencer and his team played an important role in verifying eradication. The last naturally occurring case of indigenous smallpox (Mariola minor) was diagnosed in Ali Mao Marlin, a hospital cook in Mercy, Somalia, on 26 October 1977. The last naturally occurring case of the more deadly Mariola major had been detected in October 1975 in a two - year - old Bangladeshi girl, AHIMA Band.",26 October 1977
what is the third level of government in australia,"Local government in Australia is the third tier of government in Australia administered by the states and territories, which in turn are beneath the federal tier. Local government is not mentioned in the Constitution of Australia and two reference in the 1970s and 1980s to alter the Constitution relating to local government were unsuccessful. Every state government recognizes local government in their respective constitutions. Unlike Canada, or the United States there is only one level of local government in each state, with no distinction such as cities and counties.",Local government
who is the main character in gone with the wind,"Gone with the Wind is a novel by American writer Margaret Mitchell, first published in 1936. The story is set in Clayton County and Atlanta, both in Georgia, during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era. It depicts the struggles of young Scarlett O'Hara, the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner, who must use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty following Sherman's destructive `` March to the Sea ''. This historical novel features a Bildungsroman or coming - of - age story, with the title taken from a poem written by Ernest Dawson.",Scarlett O'Hara
how deep can man dive in the ocean,"Amongst technical divers, there are divers who participate in ultra-deep diving on SCUBA below 200 meters (660 ft) . This practice requires high levels of training, experience, discipline, fitness and surface support. Only twelve persons are known to have ever dived below a depth of 240 meters (790 ft) on self-contained breathing apparatus recreationally. That is the same number as the number of people who walked on the moon. The Holy Grail of deep scuba diving was the 300 m (980 ft) mark, first achieved by John Bennett in 2001, and has only been achieved five times since.",300 m (980 ft)
who termed uprising of 1857 as the first war of independence,"In India, the term First War of Independence was first popularized by Vijaya Samovar Bavaria in his 1909 book The History of the War of Indian Independence, which was originally written in Marathi.",Vijaya Samovar Bavaria
what is the purpose of the book of leviticus,"The instructions of Leviticus emphasize ritual, legal and moral practices rather than beliefs. Nevertheless, they reflect the world view of the creation story in Genesis that God wishes to live with humans. The book teaches that faithful performance of the sanctuary rituals can make that possible, so long as the people avoid sin and impurity whenever possible. The rituals, especially the sin and guilt offerings, provide the means to gain forgiveness for sins (Leviticus --) and purification from impurities (Leviticus 11 -- 16) so that God can continue to live in the Tabernacle in the midst of the people.","ritual, Legal and moral practices"
when did the movie saturday night fever come out,"Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 American musical drama film directed by John Bad ham. It stars John Travolta as Tony Madero, a working - class young man who spends his weekends dancing and drinking at a local Brooklyn discotheque ; Karen Lynn Gonna as Stephanie Manga no, his dance partner and eventual confidante ; and Donna Moscow as Annette, Tony's former dance partner and would - be girlfriend. While in the disco, Tony is the champion dancer. His circle of friends and weekend dancing help him to cope with the harsh realities of his life : a dead - end job, clashes with his unsupportive and squabbling parents, racial tensions in the local community, and his general restlessness.",1977
who is.the mother in how i met your mother,"Tracy McConnell, better known as `` The Mother '', is the title character from the CBS television sitcom How I Met Your Mother. The show, narrated by Future Ted, tells the story of how Ted Cosby met The Mother. Tracy McConnell appears in episodes from `` Lucky Penny '' to `` The Time Travelers '' as an unseen character ; she was first seen fully in `` Something New '' and was promoted to a main character in season. The Mother is played by Cristina Militia.",Tracy McConnell
who is the patron saint for lost items,"Saint Anthony of Padua (Portuguese : St. António de Lisboa) , born Fernando Martins de Bulhões (15 August 1195 -- 13 June 1231) , also known as Anthony of Lisbon, was a Portuguese Catholic priest and friar of the Franciscan Order. He was born and raised by a wealthy family in Lisbon, Portugal, and died in Padua, Italy. Noted by his contemporaries for his powerful preaching, expert knowledge of scripture, and undying love and devotion to the poor and the sick, he was one of the most quickly canonized saints in church history. He was proclaimed a Doctor of the Church on 16 January 1946. He is also the patron saint of lost things.","Saint Anthony of Padua (Portuguese : St. António de Lisboa), Born Fernando Martins de Bulhões (15 August 1195 -- 13 June 1231), Also known as Anthony of Lisbon"
bridget jones diary who does she end up with,"When they are about to kiss for the first time, Bridget goes to her bedroom to change into sexier underwear. While Bridget is changing, Mark peeks at her diary, in which she has written many insults about him. Bridget returns to find that he has left. Realizing that he had read her diary and that she might potentially lose him again, Bridget runs outside after him in the snow with a thin sweater and tiger skin - print underwear. Unable to find him, she is disheartened and is about to return home when Mark appears having bought a new diary for Bridget in order `` to make a fresh start. '' They kiss in the snow - covered streets. Bridget then notes that `` nice boys don't kiss like that, '' to which Mark, contrary to his uptight nature, retorts `` Oh yes they fucking do. ''",Mark
when is the festival of lights in thailand,"LOI Rating takes place on the evening of the full moon of the 12th month in the traditional Thai lunar calendar ; hence, the exact date of the festival changes every year. In the Western calendar this usually falls in the month of November. In 2015, it was celebrated on November 25th ; in 2016 it was celebrated on November 14th.",On the evening of the full moon of the 12th month in the traditional Thai lunar calendar
where is icc world cup 2019 is going to be held,"The 2019 Cricket World Cup (officially ICC Cricket World Cup 2019) is the 12th edition of the Cricket World Cup, scheduled to be hosted by England and Wales, from 30 May to 14 July 2019.","England, Wales"
what is the population of san luis obispo,"San Luis Obispo (/ sæn clubs əˈbɪspoʊ / ; Spanish for St. Louis, the Bishop (of Toulouse) ), or SLO / slow / for short, is a city in the U.S. state of California, located roughly midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco on the Central Coast. The population was 45,119 at the 2010 census. The population of San Luis Obispo County was 269,637 in 2010.","45,119 at the 2010 census"
who is the female singer in all that remains,"In October 2015, Sagan announced her amicable departure from All That Remains in order to pursue personal interests. She was replaced by Aaron `` Bubble '' Patrick, formerly of the band Bury Your Dead. She currently plays bass / backing vocals in Crossing Rubicon, and as of 2017, is recording a brand-new album with the band, who is also fronted by her husband, Scotty Anarchy.",Aaron `` Bubble '' Patrick
who won the case in mueller v. oregon,"In Justice David Josiah Brewer's unanimous opinion, the Court upheld the Oregon regulation. The Court did not overrule Locker, but instead distinguished it on the basis of `` the difference between the sexes ''. The child - bearing physiology and social role of women provided a strong state interest in reducing their working hours.",Oregon
where does the movie monster trucks take place,"Terra vex Oil is in the midst of a fracking operation near a lake in North Dakota, overseen by CEO Reece Tennyson and geologist Jim Down. The operation releases three subterranean creatures and destroys the drilling rig. Two are captured by Terra vex, but one of them escapes the site. Meanwhile, high school senior Trip Coley is looking for something to do to escape the life of his family ; his parents are divorced, his mother Cindy is in a relationship with Rick the town's sheriff, who fails to take him seriously, and has taken up a part-time job at a local junkyard, where he builds a pickup truck in hopes of being able to leave his town. One night, Trip encounters the escaped creature in the junkyard and captures it, but the creature escapes before he can seek authorities.",North Dakota
who sings i got soul but i'm not a soldier,"`` All These Things That I've Done '' is a song by American rock band The Killers. The song was released as the third single from the band's debut studio album Hot Fuss (2004) . It was written by frontman Brandon Flowers and features gospel choir The Sweet Inspirations. It was released as the third single in 2004 in the United Kingdom and as the fourth single in the United States, peaking at 74 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 18 in the UK Singles Chart. The song features an extended refrain of `` I got soul, but I'm not a soldier ''.",American rock band The Killers
when did the north and south korea war start,"The Korean War (in South Korean Hangul : 한국 전쟁 ; Hanna : 韓國 戰爭 ; RR : Hangul Jeonjaeng, `` Korean War '' ; in North Korean Chosen'GUL : 조국 해방 전쟁 ; Ranch : 祖國 解放 戰爭 ; MR : Chorus hatband Chongqing, `` Fatherland : Liberation War '' ; 25 June 1950 -- 27 July 1953) was a war between North Korea (with the support of China and the Soviet Union) and South Korea (with the principal support of the United States) . The war began on 25 June 1950 when North Korea invaded South Korea following a series of clashes along the border. The United Nations, with the United States as the principal force, came to the aid of South Korea. China came to the aid of North Korea, and the Soviet Union also gave some assistance to the North.",On 25 June 1950
what is the person who does an autopsy,"An autopsy (postmortem examination, abduction, necropsy, or autopsy cadaverum) is a highly specialized surgical procedure that consists of a thorough examination of a corpse by dissection to determine the cause and manner of death or to evaluate any disease or injury that may be present for research or educational purposes. (The term `` necropsy '' is generally reserved for non-human animals ; see below) . It is usually performed by a specialized medical doctor called a pathologist. In most cases, a medical examiner or coroner can determine cause of death and only a small portion of deaths require an autopsy.",pathologist
where is most water in the body found,"Most animal body water is contained in various body fluids. These include intracellular fluid ; extracellular fluid ; plasma ; interstitial fluid ; and transcellular fluid. Water is also contained inside organs, in gastrointestinal, cerebrospinal, peritoneal, and ocular fluids. Adipose tissue contains about 10 % of water, while muscle tissue contains about 75 %.",Various body fluids
how many season of breakout kings are there,"On May 17, 2012, A&E canceled Breakout Kings after two seasons ; executive producer Matt Olmstead choosing to move on to another series.",two
who owns the rights to the twilight zone,"Actor Leonardo DiCaprio is planning to make a new movie with Warner Bros., citing The Twilight Zone as his favorite TV series. Unlike the first film, which was an anthology feature, it will be a big - budget, SFX - laden continuous story possibly based on classic episodes of the series such as `` The Eye of the Beholder '', `` To Serve Man '', or any of the 92 scripts written by Rod Serling, to which Warner Bros. owns the rights. One plot leaked from the script tells about a pilot who time - travels 96 years into the future. Cloverfield director Matt Reeves was signed in 2011 to direct the movie, but left in 2012 to direct Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. On August 16, 2013, Joseph Kaminski was announced to direct. The studio hired Aron Eli Colette to pen the screenplay for the film and will not be an anthology but use various elements from the Twilight Zone universe. In June 2017, Christine Lava was hired to pen the script.",Warner Bros.
when is the movie a wrinkle in time coming out,"The film is scheduled to be released on March 2018, in IMAX.","March, 2018"
who voiced red hood in under the red hood,"Batman : Under the Red Hood is a 2010 American animated superhero direct - to - video film produced by Warner Bros. Animation and released by Warner Home Video. It is the eighth feature in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series. It was released on July 27, 2010. The film stars Bruce Greenwood as Bruce Wayne / Batman, Jensen Tackles as the Red Hood / Jason Todd, John DiMaggio as the Joker, Neil Patrick Harris as Night wing / Dick Grayson, Jason Isaacs as Ra's all Gaul, and Wade Williams as Black Mask. The screenplay was written by Judd Nick, who also wrote the `` Under the Hood '' run in the monthly Batman comic. As in the comic, it focuses on Batman dealing with the return of his former apprentice, the second Robin, Jason Todd, who now goes by the moniker of Red Hood, a murderous vigilante and the former alias of Batman's archenemy, The Joker, on whom Jason is trying to exact revenge.",Jensen Tackles
who fired the first shot at fort sumter,"At : 30 a.m. on April 12, 1861, Lt. Henry S. Farley, acting upon the command of Capt. George S. James, fired a single 10 - inch mortar round from Fort Johnson. (James had offered the first shot to Roger Pryor, a noted Virginia secessionist, who declined, saying, `` I could not fire the first gun of the war. '') The shell exploded over Fort Sumter as a signal to open the general bombardment from 43 guns and mortars at Fort Mountie, Fort Johnson, the floating battery, and Cummings Point. Under orders from Beauregard, the guns fired in a counterclockwise sequence around the harbor, with minutes between each shot ; Beauregard wanted to conserve ammunition, which he calculated would last for only 48 hours. Edmund Roughing, another noted Virginia secessionist, had traveled to Charleston to be present for the beginning of the war, and fired one of the first shots at Sumter after the signal round, a 64 - pound shell from the Iron Battery at Cummings Point. The shelling of Fort Sumter from the batteries ringing the harbor awakened Charleston's residents (including diarist Mary Chestnut) , who rushed out into the predawn darkness to watch the shells arc over the water and burst inside the fort.",Lt. Henry S. Farley
who is the dancer in thinking out loud music video,"Unlike Sheeran's earlier videos, where he assumes a low profile, he took the lead role on `` Thinking Out Loud ''. In the video, Sheer an executes a ballroom dance with Brittany Cherry, a contestant from the televised American dance competition, So You Think You Can Dance. The routine was choreographed by Nappy tabs and with training help from Paul Arminian. While on concert tour, Sheer an spent five hours a day for three weeks to practice with Cherry.","Sheer an, Brittany Cherry"
who does the voice for peter rabbit movie,James Borden as Peter Rabbit,James Borden
what is the premium amount for the pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojana,Pradhan Mantra Eurasia Lima Jana is available to people between 18 and 70 years of age with bank accounts. It has an annual premium of ₹ 12 (19 ¢ US) exclusive of taxes. The Service tax is exempted on Pradhan Mantra Eurasia Lima Jana. The amount will be automatically debited from the account. The accident insurance scheme will have one year cover from June to May 31 and would be offered through banks and administered through public sector general insurance companies.,Annual premium of ₹ 12 (19 ¢ US) exclusive of taxes
who played elizabeth in when calls the heart,Erin Kraków as Elizabeth Thatcher,Erin Kraków
why is the advent wreath made of evergreen branches,"Advent wreaths are circular, representing God's infinite love, and are usually made of evergreen leaves, which `` represent the hope of eternal life brought by Jesus Christ. '' Within the Advent wreath are candles that generally represent the four weeks of the Advent season as well as `` the light of God coming into the world through the birth of Jesus Christ '' although each of the candles has its own significance as well ; individually, the candles specifically symbolize the Christian concepts of hope (week one) , peace (week two) , joy (week three) and love (week four) in many traditions. Many Advent wreaths also have a white candle in the center to symbolize the arrival of Christmastide, sometimes known as the `` Christ candle. '' It is lit on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. The Christ candle is colored white because this is the traditional festal color in the Western Church.","Evergreen leaves, Which `` represent the hope of eternal life brought by Jesus Christ"
where does the new it movie take place,"It (also known as It : Chapter One) is a 2017 American supernatural horror film directed by Andy Mushiest, based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Stephen King. The screenplay is by Chase Palmer, Cary Fukuyama and Gary Dauber man. The film tells the story of seven children in Derry, Maine, who are terrorized by the eponymous being, only to face their own personal demons in the process. The novel was previously adapted into a 1990 miniseries.","Derry, Maine"
who sings the national anthem for the detroit red wings,"Karen Newman is a professional singer based in Detroit, Michigan and the anthem singer of the Detroit Red Wings.",Karen Newman
which mountains would you cross to travel from northern italy to switzerland,"The Alps are a crescent shaped geographic feature of Central Europe that ranges in an 800 km (500 mi) arc from east to west and is 200 km (120 mi) in width. The mean height of the mountain peaks is. Km (. me) . The range stretches from the Mediterranean Sea north above the Po basin, extending through France from Grenoble, and stretching eastward through mid and southern Switzerland. The range continues onward toward Vienna, Austria, and east to the Adriatic Sea and Slovenia. To the south it dips into northern Italy and to the north extends to the southern border of Bavaria in Germany. In areas like Chassé, Switzerland, and Allan, Bavaria, the demarcation between the mountain range and the flatlands are clear ; in other places such as Geneva, the demarcation is less clear. The countries with the greatest alpine territory are Switzerland, France, Austria and Italy.",The Alps
what are the 4 climate zones of africa,"Due to Africa's position across equatorial and subtropical latitudes in both the northern and Southern Hemisphere, several climate types can be found on the continent of Africa. Africa mainly lies within the intertropical zone between the Tropic of Cancer and the Tropic of Capricorn. Only the northernmost and the southernmost fringes of the continent have a Mediterranean climate. Because of this geographical situation, Africa is a hot continent as the solar radiation intensity is always high. Thus, warm and hot climates prevails all over Africa, but the northern part is the most marked part by aridity and high temperatures. The climate of Africa is a range of climates such as the equatorial climate, the tropical wet and dry climate, the tropical monsoon climate, the semidesert climate (semi-arid) , the desert climate (hyper - arid and arid) , the subtropical highland climate etc. Temperate climates remain rare through the continent except at very high elevations and along the fringes. In fact, the climate of Africa is more dependent to rainfall amount than to temperatures as they are consistently high. African deserts are the sunniest and the driest parts of the continent due to the prevailing presence of the subtropical ridge with subsiding, hot, dry air masses. Africa holds many heat - related records : the continent has the hottest extended region year - round, the areas with the hottest summer climate, the highest sunshine duration etc.","Equatorial climate, Tropical wet and dry climate, Tropical monsoon climate, semidesert climate, Desert climate, Subtropical highland climate"
when did the cubs win the world series last,"The Cubs have appeared in a total of eleven World Series. The 1906 Cubs won 116 games, finishing 116 -- 36 and posting a modern - era record winning percentage of. 763, before losing the World Series to the Chicago White Sox (`` The Witless Wonders '') by four games to two. The Cubs won back - to - back World Series championships in 1907 and 1908, becoming the first major league team to play in three consecutive World Series, and the first to win it twice. Most recently, the Cubs won the 2016 National League Championship Series and 2016 World Series, which ended a 71 - year National League pennant drought and a 108 - year World Series championship drought, both of which are record droughts in Major League Baseball. The 108 - year drought was also the longest such occurrence in all major North American sports. Since the start of divisional play in 1969, the Cubs have appeared in the postseason eight times through the 2016 season.",2016
star trek voyager 7 of 9 first episode,"Seven of Nine was played by Jeri Ryan for four Voyager seasons. The character was a part of the last four seasons which concluded in 2001 with its seventh season, and Seven was featured in many episodes despite coming later to the series. Seven was introduced in the second part of the episode `` Scorpion '', the first episode of the fourth season. The character continued to appear throughout the series until the final episode, `` Endgame ''. Stories related to her relationships with Captain Jane way and The Doctor appeared throughout the series.",The first episode of the fourth season
who appoints the chairman of union public service commission,"As per Art. 316, the Chairman and other members of Union Public Service Commission shall be appointed by the President. In case the office of the Chairman becomes vacant his duties shall be performed by one of the other members of the Commission as the President may appoint for the purpose.",The President
what are the dots on a domino called,"Dominoes is a family of tile - based games played with rectangular `` domino '' tiles. Each domino is a rectangular tile with a line dividing its face into two square ends. Each end is marked with a number of spots (also called pips, nips, or dobs) or is blank. The backs of the dominoes in a set are indistinguishable, either blank or having some common design. The domino gaming pieces (colloquially nicknamed bones, cards, tiles, tickets, stones, chips, or spinners) make up a domino set, sometimes called a deck or pack. The traditional Sing - European domino set consists of 28 dominoes, featuring all combinations of spot counts between zero and six. A domino set is a generic gaming device, similar to playing cards or dice, in that a variety of games can be played with a set.",spots
who is the girl in wake me up when september ends video,"The video focuses on a couple in love (played by Jamie Bell and Evan Rachel Wood) . The boyfriend promises never to leave his girlfriend, but they later argue when the boyfriend enlists in the United States Marine Corps. The boyfriend interprets his actions as a way to show her that he loves her so much that he would put his life on the line to keep her safe. However, the girlfriend is heartbroken, as he broke his vow to never leave her. The video then shows the boyfriend in battle in Iraq being ambushed by insurgents. This scene is intercut with scenes of the girlfriend tearfully mourning in a quiet field. The video ends on this juxtaposition, emphasizing the pain and heartache of losing loved ones due to the war.",Evan Rachel Wood
where does the blue ridge parkway start in nc,"The Blue Ridge Parkway is a National Parkway and All - American Road in the United States, noted for its scenic beauty. The parkway, which is America's longest linear park, runs for 469 miles (755 km) through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties, linking Shenandoah National Park to Great Smoky Mountains National Park. It runs mostly along the spine of the Blue Ridge, a major mountain chain that is part of the Appalachian Mountains. Its southern terminus is at U.S. 441 on the boundary between Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Cherokee Indian Reservation in North Carolina, from which it travels north to Shenandoah National Park in Virginia. The roadway continues through Shenandoah as Skyline Drive, a similar scenic road which is managed by a different National Park Service unit. Both Skyline Drive and the Virginia portion of the Blue Ridge Parkway are part of Virginia State Route 48, though this designation is not signed.",At U.S. 441 on the boundary between Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Cherokee Indian Reservation
how many states border an ocean in the united states,"This is a list of U.S. states ranked by their coastline length. Thirty states have a coastline : twenty-three with a coastline on the Arctic, Atlantic, and / or Pacific Ocean, and eight with a Great Lakes coastline ; New York has coasts on both. States with no coastline are not included.",twenty-three
how many wars has pakistan fought with india,"Since the partition of British India in 1947 and creation of modern states of India and Pakistan, the two South Asian countries have been involved in four wars, including one undeclared war, and many border skirmishes and military stand-offs.",four
who does the canadian charter of rights apply to,"The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (French : La Charge Canadian DES droids et liberties) , in Canada often simply the Charter, is a bill of rights entrenched in the Constitution of Canada. It forms the first part of the Constitution Act, 1982. The Charter guarantees certain political rights to Canadian citizens and civil rights of everyone in Canada from the policies and actions of all areas and levels of the government. It is designed to unify Canadians around a set of principles that embody those rights. The Charter was signed into law by Queen Elizabeth II of Canada on April 17, 1982, along with the rest of the Act.",Political rights to Canadian citizens and civil rights of everyone in Canada
who wrote the song the very thought of you,`` The Very Thought of You '' is a pop standard recorded and published in 1934 with music and words by Ray Noble. The song was first recorded by HMV in England in April 1934 by Ray Noble and His Orchestra with Al Bowlby on vocals. This record was then released in the United States by Victor Records. Noble re-recorded the song in 1941 in a version released on Columbia Records as 36546 featuring the vocals of Snoopy Hanson. The Very Thought of You was first used in the Barbara Steinbeck vehicle A Lost Lady.,Ray Noble
when was the first 10 dollar bill made,1861 : The first $10 bill was issued as a Demand Note with a small portrait of Abraham Lincoln on the left side of the obverse and an allegorical figure representing art on the right.,1861
who created the excise tax as part of his financial plan,"Establishment of the Bank of the United States was part of a three - part expansion of federal fiscal and monetary power, along with a federal mint and excise taxes, championed by Alexander Hamilton, first Secretary of the Treasury. Hamilton believed a national bank was necessary to stabilize and improve the nation's credit, and to improve handling of the financial business of the United States government under the newly enacted Constitution.","Alexander Hamilton, First Secretary of the Treasury"
an existing rock that changes during metamorphism to create a metamorphic rock is called,"Metamorphic rocks arise from the transformation of existing rock types, in a process called metamorphism, which means `` change in form ''. The original rock (monolith) is subjected to heat (temperatures greater than 150 to 200 °C) and pressure (100 megapascals (,000 bar) or more) , causing profound physical or chemical change. The monolith may be a sedimentary, igneous, or existing metamorphic rock.",monolith
where did the chicago bulls play before the united center,"Chicago Stadium was an indoor arena located in Chicago, Illinois that opened in 1929 and closed in 1994. It was the home of the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks and the National Basketball Association's Chicago Bulls.",Chicago Stadium
what was the purpose of the last challenger mission,"STS - 51 - L was the 25th mission of the United States Space Shuttle program, and disastrous final mission of the Space Shuttle Challenger. The mission to carry out several lessons from space and observe Halley's Comet never made its target landing date of February 1986. A structural failure during its ascent phase 73 seconds after launch on January 28 from Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39 killed all seven crew members -- Commander Dick Score, Pilot Michael J. Smith, Mission Specialists Ellison S. Orizaba, Judith A. Resin and Ronald E. McNair, and Payload Specialists Gregory Jarvis and Christa McAuliffe -- and destroyed the orbiter. The Rogers Commission determined that the cause of the destruction was due to the failure of an O - ring seal on the starboard Solid Rocket Booster (SRB) . Space Shuttle flights were suspended for 32 months while the hazards with the shuttle were addressed.",To carry out several lessons from space and observe Halley's Comet
where did the industrial revolution take place in britain,"The Industrial belt of Britain stretched from the Scottish lowlands to the valleys of southern Wales. The establishment of major factory centers helped develop networks of canals, roads, and railroads. Some of these major factory centers are Derby shire, Lancashire, Cheshire, Stafford shire, Nottingham shire, and Yorkshire. This is where the proletariat class was born. The Industrial Revolution helped create opportunities for employment for all members of the family. However, any improvement to the quality of life for the laboring class had come from a hard and bitter experience from factory labor.",Stretched from the Scottish lowlands to the valleys of southern Wales
what does nfc and afc stand for in the nfl,"The American Football Conference (AFC) is one of the two conferences of the National Football League (NFL) , the highest professional level of American football in the United States. This conference and its counterpart, the National Football Conference (NFC) , currently contain 16 teams each, making up the 32 teams of the NFL. Both conferences were created as part of the 1970 merger with the rival American Football League (AFL) , with all ten of the former AFL teams and three NFL teams forming the AFC, and the remaining thirteen NFL clubs forming the NFC. A series of league expansions and division realignments have occurred since the merger, thus making the current total 16 clubs per each conference.","National Football Conference, American Football Conference"
who does the voice for the hippo on doc mcstuffins,"Loretta Devine (US) and Maria Darling (UK) as Hallie McMuffins, named after the `` Nurse Hallie '' incarnation of the `` Hallie Hippo '' toy series) , a stuffed plush purple hippopotamus in a candy-striped nurse's outfit, and supporting characters Hattie the Nurse and Addie the Receptionist at the clinic where Ayesha McMuffins works with Dr. Peerless.",Loretta Devine
different types of oils that can be used with an oio lens,"Before the development of synthetic immersion oils in the 1940s, cedar tree oil was widely used. Cedar oil has an index of refraction of approximately .516. The numerical aperture of cedar tree oil objectives is generally around. . Cedar oil has a number of disadvantages however : it absorbs blue and ultraviolet light, yellows with age, has sufficient acidity to potentially damage objectives with repeated use (by attacking the cement used to join lenses) , and diluting it with solvent changes its viscosity (and refraction index and dispersion) . Cedar oil must be removed from the objective immediately after use before it can harden, since removing hardened cedar oil can damage the lens. In modern microscopy synthetic immersion oils are more commonly used, as they eliminate most of these problems. NA values of. Can be achieved with different oils. Unlike natural oils synthetic ones do not harden on the lens and can typically be left on the objective for months at a time.","Cedar tree oil, Synthetic immersion oils"
when was harambe brought to the cincinnati zoo,"On September 18, 2014, Harambe was transferred to the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden to learn adult gorilla behavior and join a new social group.","September 18, 2014"
write the name of the fuels commonly used for cooking,"Conventional diesel is similar to gasoline in that it is a mixture of Asiatic hydrocarbons extracted from petroleum. Kerosene is used in kerosene lamps and as a fuel for cooking, heating, and small engines. Natural gas, composed chiefly of methane, can only exist as a liquid at very low temperatures (regardless of pressure) , which limits its direct use as a liquid fuel in most applications. LP gas is a mixture of propane and butane, both of which are easily compressible gases under standard atmospheric conditions. It offers many of the advantages of compressed natural gas (CNG) , but is denser than air, does not burn as cleanly, and is much more easily compressed. Commonly used for cooking and space heating, LP gas and compressed propane are seeing increased use in motorized vehicles ; propane is the third most commonly used motor fuel globally.","Kerosene, LP gas"
where was gimme gimme gimme filmed,"The series was filmed in front of a live studio audience in Studio at The London Studios, South Bank, London","In Studio at The London Studios, South Bank, London"
when did us first send troops to afghanistan,"Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, U.S. President George W. Bush demanded that the Taliban hand over Osama bin Laden and expel al-Qaeda ; bin Laden had already been wanted by the U.S. since 1998. The Taliban declined to extradite him unless given evidence of his involvement in the September 11 attacks and also declined demands to extradite others on the same grounds. The U.S. dismissed the request for evidence as a delaying tactic, and on October 2001 launched Operation Enduring Freedom with the United Kingdom. The two were later joined by other forces, including the Northern Alliance which had been fighting the Taliban in the ongoing civil war since 1996. In December 2001, the United Nations Security Council established the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) , to assist the Afghan interim authorities with securing Kabul. At the Bonn Conference the same month, Hamid Karma was selected to head the Afghan Interim Administration, which after a 2002 loyal JIRA (grand assembly) in Kabul became the Afghan Transitional Administration. In the popular elections of 2004, Karma was elected president of the country, now named the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.",October 2001
who did morgan freeman play in driving miss daisy,Morgan Freeman as Hoke Col burn,Hoke Col burn
where does the plastic go on tide pods,"In 2012, in response to a child swallowing Tide Pods, Procter & Gamble said they would make this product more difficult to open by adding a double latch to the lid, and has also re-focused their advertising to make clear the product should be out of a child's reach at all times. The packaging was also changed to an opaque orange rather than the original clear plastic gumball machine - type presentation to make them look less enticing ; other manufacturers followed suit with equivalent packaging changes. In 2013, Consumer Reports stated that there had been nearly, 700 reported incidents in which children age or younger had been exposed to laundry PACS, and that year, one child from Florida died after ingesting a PAC. In 2014, a study published in Pediatrics found that from 2012 to 2013, more than 17,000 calls were made to poison control centers about children who had been exposed to the PACS. Despite the industry's move toward safer packaging, a 2017 study published in JAVA Ophthalmology found that between 2012 and 2015, the number of chemical eye burns associated with laundry detergent pods among - to - year - old children skyrocketed from fewer than 20 to almost 500 per year ; in 2015, these injuries were responsible for 26 % of all chemical eye burns among this population.",The packaging
what happened to mackenzie's daughter in the shack,"The novel is set in the American Northwest. The main character is Mackenzie Allen Phillips, a father of five, called `` Mack '' by his family and friends. Four years prior to the main events of the story, Mack takes three of his children on a camping trip to Wallow Lake near Joseph, Oregon, stopping at Multnomah Falls on the way. Two of his children are playing in a canoe when it flips and almost drowns Mack's son. Mack is able to save his son by rushing to the water and freeing him from the canoe's webbing, but unintentionally leaves his youngest daughter Missy alone at their campsite. After Mack returns, he sees that Missy is missing. The police are called, and the family discovers that Missy has been abducted and murdered by a serial killer known as the `` Little Ladykiller ''. The police find an abandoned shack in the woods where Missy was taken. Her bloodied clothing is found, but her body is not located. Mack's life sinks into what he calls `` The Great Sadness ''.","abducted, murdered"
who is one of the founding fathers of symbolic interactionism,"Symbolic Interactionism comes from a sociological perspective which developed around the middle of the twentieth century and that continues to be influential in some areas of the discipline. It is particularly important in microsociology and social psychology. It is derived from the American philosophy of pragmatism and particularly from the work of George Herbert Mead, as a pragmatic method to interpret social interactions.",George Herbert Mead
percentage of irrigated land in india is about,"Irrigation in India includes a network of major and minor canals from Indian rivers, groundwater well based systems, tanks, and other rainwater harvesting projects for agricultural activities. Of this groundwater system is the largest. In 2013 - 14, only about 47. % of total agricultural land in India was reliably irrigated. About / rd cultivated land in India is dependent on monsoons. Irrigation in India helps improve food security, reduce dependence on monsoons, improve agricultural productivity and create rural job opportunities. Dams used for irrigation projects help produce electricity and transport facilities, as well as provide drinking water supplies to a growing population, control floods and prevent droughts.",47. %
when did the little mermaid first come out,"The 28th Disney animated feature film, The Little Mermaid was released to theaters on November 17, 1989, to largely positive reviews, garnering $84 million at the domestic box office during its initial release, and $211 million in total lifetime gross worldwide. After the success of the 1988 Disney / Ambling film Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Little Mermaid is given credit for breathing life back into the art of Disney animated feature films after a string of critical or commercial failures produced by Disney that dated back to the early 1970s. It also marked the start of the era known as the Disney Renaissance.","November 17, 1989"
who did south africa play in 1995 rugby world cup,"In the final, held at Ellis Park in Johannesburg on 24 June, South Africa defeated New Zealand 15 -- 12, with Joel Stravinsky scoring a drop goal in extra time to win the match. Following South Africa's victory, Nelson Mandela, the President of South Africa, wearing a Springboks' rugby shirt and cap, presented the Webb Ellis Cup to the South African captain François Painter.",New Zealand
when was the universal declaration of human rights created,"The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) is a historic document that was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly at its third session on 10 December 1948 as Resolution 217 at the Calais de Chaillot in Paris, France. Of the then 58 members of the United Nations, 48 voted in favor, none against, eight abstained, and two did not vote.",10 December 1948
who wrote the famous song say it loud i'm black and im proud,"`` Say It Loud -- I'm Black, and I'm Proud '' is a funk song performed by James Brown and written with his bandleader Alfred `` Pee Wee '' Ellis in 1968. It was released as a two - part single which held the number - one spot on the R&B singles chart for six weeks, and peaked at number ten on the Billboard Hot 100. Both parts of the single were later included on James Brown's 1968 album A Soulful Christmas and on his 1969 album sharing the title of the song. The song became an unofficial anthem of the Black Power movement.",Alfred `` Pee Wee '' Ellis
where does cuba lie in relation to the united states,"Cuba lies west of the North Atlantic Ocean, east of the Gulf of Mexico, south of the Straits of Florida, northwest of the Windward Passage, and northeast of the Yucatán Channel. The main island (Cuba) makes up most of the land area 104,556 km (40,369 sq mi) .",South of the Straits of Florida
where did the pacific railroad start and end,"The First Transcontinental Railroad (also called the Great Transcontinental Railroad, known originally as the `` Pacific Railroad '' and later as the `` Overland Route '') was a ,912 - mile (,077 km) continuous railroad line constructed between 1863 and 1869 that connected the existing eastern U.S. rail network at Omaha, Nebraska / Council Bluffs, Iowa with the Pacific coast at the Oakland Long Wharf on San Francisco Bay. The rail line was built by three private companies over public lands provided by extensive US land grants. Construction was financed by both state and US government subsidy bonds as well as by company issued mortgage bonds. The Western Pacific Railroad Company built 132 mi (212 km) of track from Oakland / Alameda to Sacramento, California. The Central Pacific Railroad Company of California (CPRR) constructed 690 mi (,110 km) eastward from Sacramento to Promontory Summit, Utah Territory (U.T.) . The Union Pacific built, 085 mi (,746 km) from the road's eastern terminus at Council Bluffs near Omaha, Nebraska westward to Promontory Summit.","Omaha, Nebraska / Council Bluffs, Iowa, Oakland Long Wharf on San Francisco Bay"
who sings there's no smoke without a fire,"`` No Smoke Without a Fire '' is a song by British rock group Bad Company, released as the second single from their eighth studio album Dangerous Age.",Bad Company
section 7 of copland's appalachian spring is in,For many years part of the seventh movement of the orchestral suite was used as the opening music to CBS Reports.,CBS Reports
where do all sons and daughters go to church,"All Sons & Daughters is an American Christian worship music duo, who perform in the styles of acoustic and folk music, originating from Franklin, Tennessee. The group's leads are Leslie Anne Jordan on vocals and guitar and David Alan Leonard on vocals and piano. They are worship leaders at Journey Church in Franklin, which is a non-denominational church. They have four full - length, commercial album releases, all on the Integrity Music label : Season One, Live, All Sons & Daughters and Poets & Saints.",Journey Church in Franklin
agitator wash technique is used in which type of washing machine,"In a top load washing machine the agitator projects from the bottom of the wash basket and creates the wash action by rotating back and forth, rolling garments from the top of the load, down to the bottom, then back up again.",Top load washing machine
where is the college football national championship game,"The 2019 College Football Playoff National Championship is a college football bowl game that will determine the national champion in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision for the 2018 season. It will be played at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California on January 2019, and will be the culminating game of the 2018 -- 19 bowl season.","Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California"
where is the liver located in a human body,"The liver, an organ only found in vertebrates, detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins, and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion. In humans, it is located in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen, below the diaphragm. Its other roles in metabolism include the regulation of glycogen storage, decomposition of red blood cells and the production of hormones.","Right upper quadrant of the abdomen, Below the diaphragm"
when does avengers infinity war part 2 come out,"The film was announced in October 2014 as Avengers : Infinity War -- Part. In April 2015, Marvel announced that Anthony and Joe Russo would direct the film and in May, that Christopher Markus & Stephen McMeel would write the screenplay. In July 2016, Marvel revealed the title would be shortened to simply Avengers : Infinity War. Brain reprises his role as Thanos, and is part of an ensemble cast featuring many actors who have appeared in other MCU films. Filming for Infinity War began in January 2017 in Atlanta, and lasted until July 2017. Additional filming also took place in Scotland. Avengers : Infinity War is scheduled to be released on May 2018.","May, 2018"
who won the last mens cricket world cup,"Sri Lanka as a co-host of the 1996 Cricket World Cup was the first host to win the tournament though the final was held in Pakistan. India won in 2011 as host and was the first team to win in a final played in their own country. Australia repeated the feat in 2015. England is the only other host to have made the final, in 1979. Other countries which have achieved or equalled their best World Cup results while co-hosting the tournament are New Zealand as finalists in 2015 ; Zimbabwe who reached the Super Six in 2003 ; and Kenya as semi-finalists in 2003. In 1987, co-hosts India and Pakistan both reached the semi-finals, but were eliminated by Australia and England respectively. Australia in 1992, England in 1999, South Africa in 2003, and Bangladesh in 2011 have been the host teams that were eliminated in the first round.",Australia
what is stacey's surname in gavin and stacey,"Gavin & Stacey is a British romantic situation comedy that follows the long - distance relationship of Gavin Shipman (Mathew Horne) from Billerica in Essex, England, and Stacey West (Joanna Page) from Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. The writers of the show, actors James Borden and Ruth Jones, also co-star as Gavin and Stacey's friends, Smithy and Tessa. Other prominent cast members include Alison Ste adman and Larry Lamb, who play Gavin's parents, Pam and Mick, and Melanie Walters and Rob Bryon, who portray Stacey's mother, Gwen, and her uncle, Bryan.",West
where did they film kong skull island at,"Principal photography took place from October 2015 to March 2016 in Hawaii and various locations around Vietnam. Kong : Skull Island premiered on February 28, 2017, in London and was released in the United States on March 10, 2017, in D, D, IMAX D and in Dolby Cinemas. The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $566 million worldwide against its $185 million budget.","Hawaii, Various locations around Vietnam"
who has the power to issue a subpoena,"Congressional rules empower all its standing committees with the authority to compel witnesses to produce testimony and documents for subjects under its jurisdiction. Committee rules may provide for the full committee to issue a subpoena, or permit subcommittees or the chairman (acting alone or with the ranking member) to issue subpoenas.","The full committee, Permit subcommittees, The chairman"
how old do you have to be to smoke cigarettes in georgia,"Georgia None 18 It is illegal to sell or give tobacco products to anyone under the age of 18 years. It is illegal for minors to possess tobacco in public. Minors are allowed to possess tobacco products and to consume those, in private home if permission is given by parents or legal guardian. The minimum age of 17 years was introduced in 1987. The minimum age was raised from 17 to 18 in 1993.",18
when will the movie the death cure come out,"On April 22, 2017, the studio delayed the release date once again, to February 2018, in order to allow more time for post-production ; months later, on August 25, the studio moved the release forward two weeks. The film will premiere on January 26, 2018, in D, IMAX and IMAX D.","January 26, 2018"
who won the first season of the voice,"The American series premiered on April 26, 2011, on the NBC television network. The winner of the first season was Javier Colon, mentored by coach Adam Levine. The season finale aired on June 29, 2011. It immediately proved to be a hit for NBC and the network renewed the show for a second season.",Javier Colon
what is the tallest monument in the united states,"The Gateway Arch is a 630 - foot (192 m) monument in St. Louis in the U.S. state of Missouri. Clad in stainless steel and built in the form of an inverted, weighted catenary arch, it is the world's the tallest arch, the tallest man - made monument in the Western Hemisphere, and Missouri's tallest accessible building. Built as a monument to the westward expansion of the United States, and officially dedicated to `` the American people, '' it is the centerpiece of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial and has become an internationally recognized symbol of St. Louis, as well as a popular tourist destination.",Gateway Arch
when did the first fidget spinners come out,"Catherine Festinger, a chemical engineer by training, was initially credited by some news stories to have been the inventor of the fidget spinner, including by media outlets such as The Guardian, The New York Times, and the New York Post. Festinger filed a patent application for a `` spinning toy '' in 1993 and a patent was issued, but Festinger allowed the patent to lapse in 2005 after she could not find a commercial partner. A May 2017 Bloomberg News article showed that Festinger was not the inventor of the fidget spinner, and Festinger agreed.",1993
what was the ruling in district of columbia v. heller,"District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008) , is a landmark case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home, and that Washington, D.C. is handgun ban and requirement that lawfully - owned rifles and shotguns be kept `` unloaded and disassembled or bound by a trigger lock '' violated this guarantee. It also stated that the right to bear arms is not unlimited and that guns and gun ownership would continue to be regulated. Due to Washington, D.C. is special status as a federal district, the decision did not address whether the Second Amendment's protections are incorporated by the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment against the states, which was addressed two years later by McDonald v. City of Chicago (2010) in which it was found that they are. It was the first Supreme Court case to decide whether the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms for self-defense.","That the Second Amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia for traditionally lawful purposes, Such as self-defense within the home"
what were the two sides of the american revolution,"The American Revolution was a colonial revolt that took place between 1765 and 1783. The American Patriots in the Thirteen Colonies won independence from Great Britain, becoming the United States of America. They defeated the British in the American Revolutionary War in alliance with France and others.","Great Britain, American Patriots in the Thirteen Colonies"
who played sax on baker street by gerry rafferty,"In January 1978, Scottish singer - musician Gerry Daugherty released his first solo material since 1972 and first material of any kind since the demise of Steamers Wheels in 1975. A then unheralded session musician, Raphael Ravens croft was asked to play the saxophone on the album City to City (1978) . Ravenscroft's contribution included the sax riff on the best - known song from the album and of Rafferty's career, `` Baker Street ''. The song was an international hit, charting at number in the UK and number in the US. `` Baker Street '' was reported in 2010 as having received a million air plays worldwide to date. City to City reached number in the US album charts and went platinum. In the UK the album reached number and went gold.",Raphael Ravens croft
where is a river runs through it filmed,"Although both the book and movie are set in Missoula and on the Blackfoot River, it was filmed in late June, early July 1991 in south central Montana in Livingston and Bozeman, and on the nearby upper Yellowstone, Gallatin, and Boulder Rivers. The waterfall shown is Granite Falls in Wyoming. Filming was completed in early September 1991.","South central Montana in Livingston and Bozeman, Yellowstone, Gallatin, And Boulder Rivers, Granite Falls in Wyoming"
where is the musee d'orsay located in paris,"The Muse d'Orsay (French pronunciation : ​ (maze days) ) is a museum in Paris, France, on the Left Bank of the Seine. It is housed in the former Gear d'Orsay, a beau - Arts railway station built between 1898 and 1900. The museum holds mainly French art dating from 1848 to 1914, including paintings, sculptures, furniture, and photography. It houses the largest collection of impressionist and post-Impressionist masterpieces in the world, by painters including Monet, Manet, Degas, Renoir, Cézanne, Seurat, Sister, Gauguin, and Van Gogh. Many of these works were held at the Valerie national Du EU de Paume prior to the museum's opening in 1986. It is one of the largest art museums in Europe.",On the Left Bank of the Seine
who did charlie puth write see you again for,"Put became emotionally attached while writing the track, recalling View Cello, a friend of Puth's time at Berk lee College of Music, who perished in a motorcycle accident in 2012. He was at first reluctant that the film's soundtrack label, Atlantic Records, would choose his vocal for the song. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Put recalled, `` It just seemed to occur from out of nowhere. And basically 10 minutes later Justin and I wrote it, we sent it off, and I thought we'd never hear about it again ''. Put and DJ Frank E's output from the session was well received by Furious filmmakers, Universal Pictures, and Atlantic. As a result, the track was further commissioned to include rapped verses by Khalifa based on the subject of family, combined with Puth's vocals and a piano melody. The song then went through an extensive note - giving and production process. Put opined that his vocal was chosen by the Atlantic because of his emotional attachment to the subject.","View Cello, A friend of Puth's time at Berk lee College of Music, Who perished in a motorcycle accident in 2012"
when was the last time the united states did not have a deficit,"According to the Congressional Budget Office, the United States last had a budget surplus during fiscal year 2001. From fiscal years 2001 to 2009, spending increased by. % of gross domestic product (from 18. % to 24. %) while taxes declined by. % of GDP (from 19. % to 14. %) . Spending increases (expressed as percentage of GDP) were in the following areas : Medicare and Medicaid (. %) , defense (. %) , income security such as unemployment benefits and food stamps (. %) , Social Security (. %) and all other categories (. %) . Revenue reductions were individual income taxes (−. %) , payroll taxes (−. %) , corporate income taxes (−. %) and other (−. %) .",During fiscal year 2001
what is the meaning of the proverb still waters run deep,"Still waters run deep is a proverb of Latin origin now commonly taken to mean that a placid exterior hides a passionate or subtle nature. Formerly it also carried the warning that silent people are dangerous, as in Caesar's summing up of Cassius in William Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar I..195 -- :",Commonly taken to mean that a placid exterior hides a passionate or subtle nature
who sings i like it like that yeah baby,"`` I Like It Like That '' is a song written by Tony Gabon and Many Rodriguez. It was initially a hit for bungalow musician Pete Rodriguez in 1967, and was one of the most influential bungalow songs of the era. Rodriguez released an album in 1967 with the same title.",Pete Rodriguez
the online sales of goods and services is known as,"E-commerce is the activity of buying or selling of products and services online or over the internet. Electronic commerce draws on technologies such as mobile commerce, electronic funds transfer, supply chain management, Internet marketing, online transaction processing, electronic data interchange (EDI) , inventory management systems, and automated data collection systems.",E-commerce
when did women's suffrage start in america,"Women's suffrage in the United States of America, the legal right of women to vote, was established over the course of several decades, first in various states and localities, sometimes on a limited basis, and then nationally in 1920.",Nationally in 1920
where did the name amber alert come from,"AMBER is officially a contrived acronym for America's Missing : Broadcast Emergency Response, but was named after Amber German, a - year - old abducted and murdered in Arlington, Texas, in 1996. Alternative regional alert names were once used ; in Georgia, `` Levi's Call '' (in memory of Levi Brady) ; in Hawaii, `` Male Amber Alert '' (in memory of Male Gilbert) ; and Arkansas, `` Morgan Nick Amber Alert '' (in memory of Morgan Nick) .","America's Missing : Broadcast Emergency Response, Amber German, A - year - old abducted and murdered in Arlington, Texas, In 1996"
where do they film the new lost in space,"Production on the first season began in February 2017, in Vancouver, British Columbia, and concluded in July 2017.","Vancouver, British Columbia"
what's the state of new york city,"The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States. With an estimated 2017 population of, 622,698 distributed over a land area of about 302. Square miles (784 km) , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States. Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass and one of the world's most populous megacities, with an estimated 20. a million people in its 2017 Metropolitan Statistical Area and 23. a million residents in its Combined Statistical Area. A global power city, New York City has been described as the cultural, financial, and media capital of the world, and exerts a significant impact upon commerce, entertainment, research, technology, education, politics, tourism, and sports. The city's fast pace defines the term New York minute. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy.",The state of New York
who introduced the color wheel to represent the organization of color,"The original color circle of Isaac Newton showed only the spectral hues and was provided to illustrate a rule for the color of mixtures of lights, that these could be approximately predicted from the center of gravity of the numbers of `` rays '' of each spectral color present (represented in his diagram by small circles) . The divisions of Newton's circle are of unequal size, being based on the intervals of a Dorian musical scale. Later color circles include the purples, however, between red and violet, and have equal - sized hue divisions. Color scientists and psychologists often use the additive primaries, red, green and blue ; and often refer to their arrangement around a circle as a color circle as opposed to a color wheel.",Isaac Newton
absorption is a major function of the gi tract. how is absorption accomplished in the gi tract,"The largest component of secreted fluids is ions and water, which are first secreted and then reabsorbed along the tract. The ions secreted primarily consist of H, K, Cl, HBO and Na. Water follows the movement of these ions. The GI tract accomplishes this ion pumping using a system of proteins that are capable of active transport, facilitated diffusion and open channel ion movement. The arrangement of these proteins on the apical and bilateral sides of the epithelium determines the net movement of ions and water in the tract.","Active transport, Facilitated diffusion"
where is the roman forum located in rome,"The Roman Forum, also known by its Latin name Forum Romanus (Italian : For Romano) , is a rectangular forum (plaza) surrounded by the ruins of several important ancient government buildings at the center of the city of Rome. Citizens of the ancient city referred to this space, originally a marketplace, as the Forum Magnum, or simply the Forum.",At the center of the city of Rome
when did labor day become an official federal holiday,"Beginning in the late 19th century, as the trade union and labor movements grew, trade unionists proposed that a day be set aside to celebrate labor. `` Labor Day '' was promoted by the Central Labor Union and the Knights of Labor, which organized the first parade in New York City. In 1887, Oregon was the first state of the United States to make it an official public holiday. By the time it became an official federal holiday in 1894, thirty U.S. states officially celebrated Labor Day.",1894
when was daylight savings time created in the usa,"Starting on April 30, 1916, the German Empire and its World War I ally Austria - Hungary were the first to use DST (German : Somerset) as a way to conserve coal during wartime. Britain, most of its allies, and many European neutrals soon followed suit. Russia and a few other countries waited until the next year, and the United States adopted it in 1918.",1918
where do they kick the extra point from,"In the NFL, the line of scrimmage for a kick attempt moved back 13 yards to the 15 - yard line, effectively placing the ball the same distance from the goalposts as in the CFL. The line of scrimmage for a two - point attempt remained at the two - yard line. However, NFL defenses became able to run back failed conversion attempts for a two - point score. On December 2015, New Orleans Saints linebacker Ste phone Anthony became the first player in NFL history to do so, after New Orleans blocked an extra-point kick by the Carolina Panthers.",15 - yard line
who was the original hosts of american idol,"Brian Gentleman (born September 25, 1971) is an American comedian, actor and television personality. He is best known as being co-host with Ryan Sea crest on the first season of American Idol, in 2002.","Brian Gentleman, Ryan Sea crest"
who has the most mvps in mlb history,"The award's only tie occurred in the National League in 1979, when Keith Hernandez and Willie Stairwell received an equal number of points. There have been 18 unanimous winners, who received all the first - place votes. The New York Yankees have the most winning players with 22, followed by the St. Louis Cardinals with 17 winners. The award has never been presented to a member of the following four teams : Arizona Diamondbacks, Miami Marlins, New York Mets, and Tampa Bay Rays. The most recent recipients are Mike Trout in the American League and Kris Bryant in the National League.",New York Yankees
angola and mozambique were once colonies of which country,"Angola is a country in southwestern Africa. The country's name derives from the Imbued word for king. It was first settled by San hunter-gatherer societies before the northern domains came under the rule of Bantu states such as Kongo and Congo. From the 15th century, Portuguese colonists began trading, and a settlement was established at Luanda during the 16th century. Portugal annexed territories in the region which were ruled as a colony from 1655, and Angola was incorporated as an overseas province of Portugal in 1951. After the Angolan War of Independence which ended with an army mutiny and leftist coup in Lisbon, Angola's independence was achieved on November 11, 1975, through the Actor Agreement. After independence, Angola later entered a period of civil war that lasted up until 2002.",Portugal
during which phase of meiosis do homologous chromosomes exchange segments,"Chromosomal crossover (or crossing over) is the exchange of genetic material between homologous chromosomes that results in recombinant chromosomes during sexual reproduction. It is one of the final phases of genetic recombination, which occurs in the achene stage of prophase I of meiosis during a process called synopsis. Synopsis begins before the synaptonemal complex develops and is not completed until near the end of prophase I. Crossover usually occurs when matching regions on matching chromosomes break and then reconnect to the other chromosome.",Pachytene stage of prophase I
when was live like you were dying written,"`` Live Like You Were Dying '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Tim McGraw, and was the lead single from his eighth album of the same name (2004) . It was written by the songwriting team of Tim Nichols and Craig Wiseman. The duo crafted the song based on family and friends who learned of illnesses (cancers) , and how they often had a new perspective on life upon learning they had limited time. They decided to write a song based on the concept, hoping that it might inspire someone in such a situation. The song's lyrics center on experiencing life to its fullest, while also becoming a better person.",2004
who won the golden bat in champion trophy 2017,"In an unexpected performance, given India were considered favorites, Pakistan beat India comfortably to win their maiden ICC Champions Trophy, winning by 180 runs, which was the largest margin of victory in the final of an ICC ODI tournament. Pakistan, who were massive underdogs as they were the lowest - ranked team in the competition, became the seventh nation to win the Champions Trophy, and it was their first ICC ODI tournament title since 1992. Father Haman of Pakistan received the Man of the Match award for scoring a sublime 114. Shikhar Drawn of India received the Golden Bat award for scoring 338 runs in the tournament while Hasan Ali of Pakistan received the Golden Ball award for taking 13 wickets ; he was also adjudged the Man of the Series for his outstanding contribution towards Pakistan's first ICC tournament title since 2009.",Shikhar Drawn
when was the first ice cream parlor opened,"While the origins of ice cream are often debated, most scholars trace the first ice cream parlor back to France in the 17th century. In 1686, Francesco Promotion del Costello opened Paris' first café. The Café Procope, named by its Sicilian founder, introduced gelato to the French public. The dessert was served to its elite guests in small porcelain bowls.",1686
what percentage of the european population perished from the plague between 1348 and 1400,"The Black Death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of Central Asia, where it then travelled along the Silk Road, reaching Crimea by 1343. From there, it was most likely carried by Oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships. Spreading throughout the Mediterranean and Europe, the Black Death is estimated to have killed 30 -- 60 % of Europe's total population. In total, the plague may have reduced the world population from an estimated 450 million down to 350 -- 375 million in the 14th century. The world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century. The plague recurred occasionally in Europe until the 19th century.",30 -- 60 %
which had created the office of the secretary of state for india,"The Secretary of State for India or India Secretary was the British Cabinet minister and the political head of the India Office responsible for the governance of the British Raj (India) , Aden, and Burma. The post was created in 1858 when the East India Company's rule in Bengal ended and India except for the Princely States was brought under the direct administration of the government in London, beginning the official colonial period under the British Empire.",1858
where is archangel raphael mentioned in the bible,"In the New Testament, only the archangels Gabriel and Michael are mentioned by name (Luke : -- 26 ; Jude :) . Later manuscripts of John : -- refer to the pool of Bethesda, where the multitude of the infirm lay awaiting the moving of the water, for `` an angel of the Lord descended at certain times into the pond ; and the water was moved. And he that went down first into the pond after the motion of the water was made whole of whatsoever infirmity he lay under ''. Because of the healing role assigned to Raphael, this particular angel is generally associated with the archangel.",John : --
how many sessions are there in a term of congress,"Procedures of the United States Congress are established ways of doing legislative business. Congress has two - year terms with one session each year. There are rules and procedures, often complex, which guide how it converts ideas for legislation into laws.",Two - year terms with one session each year
who is the prime minister of england in 2017,"The United Kingdom general election of 2017 took place on Thursday June. Each of the 650 constituencies elected one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons. Under the Fixed - term Parliaments Act 2011 an election had not been due until May 2020, but a call by Prime Minister Theresa May for a snap election was ratified by the necessary super majority in a 522 - 13 votes in the House of Commons on 19 April 2017.",Theresa May
when did new mexico become part of the us,"The Territory of New Mexico was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed (with varying boundaries) from September 1850, until January 1912, when the remaining extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of New Mexico, making it the longest - lived organized incorporated territory of the United States, lasting approximately 62 years.","January, 1912"
who plays the professor in the lion the witch and the wardrobe,"In the 2005 film The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, he is played as an adult by Jim Broad bent.",Jim Broad bent
who is the only leader to be elected pm of pakistan three times,"Following a contempt of court case, the Supreme Court permanently disqualified Prime Minister Yousuf Gaza Villain. Originally, the PPP nomination was Bathroom Shahbuddin, but he was forced to withdraw after the ANF issued non-bailable arrest warrants against him. Raja Pervier Ashraf became the Prime Minister and remained in office until 2013. The general election held in 2013 saw the PML (N) almost achieve a super majority. Following this, Away Sharif was elected as Prime Minister, returning to the post for the third time after a fourteen - year absence, in a democratic transition. In 2017, Sharif was forced to step down as the prime minister following corruption charges against him.",Away Sharif
who plays alex in wizards of waverly place,"The series centers on the fictional characters of the Russo family, which includes Alex (Selena Gomez) , her older brother Justin (David Henri) and their younger brother Max (Jake T. Austin) . The three Russo siblings are wizards in training and live with their Italian - American father Jerry (David Demise) , a former wizard, and their Mexican - American mother, Theresa (Maria Canals Barrera) who is a mortal. Alex's best friend Harper (Jennifer Stone) also found out about the Russo's' wizard powers in season. The siblings have to keep their secret safe while living in the mortal world. When they become adults, the three siblings will have a wizard competition to decide who will become the family wizard of their generation and keep his or her wizard powers. Harper used to have a crush on Justin, but now is in love with Justin's best friend, Zeke, who finds out about the Russo's wizard powers in season. Alex Russo (Selena Gomez) and Justin Russo (David Henri) are the only characters to appear in every episode of the series.",Selena Gomez
where is the uvea of the eye located,"The UVA is the vascular middle layer of the eye. It is traditionally divided into three areas, from front to back, the :",The vascular middle layer of the eye
where was the original friday the 13 filmed,"The film was shot in and around the townships of Hardwick, Bardstown and Hope, New Jersey in September 1979. The camp scenes were shot on a working Boy Scout camp, Camp No - Bebop - SCO which is located in Hardwick, New Jersey. The camp is still standing and still works as a summer camp.",New Jersey
what happens when you bat out of order in mlb,"Occasionally, one or more batters may bat in the incorrect order. In Major League Baseball, this violates rule .01 (a) of the Official Baseball Rules. Batting out of turn is ignored by rule unless a member of the defensive team notifies the umpire that an infraction has occurred. Once the umpire is notified, he enforces the rule based on the batting order he had received, which says that the batter is out.",The batter is out
who is the song sweet judy blue eyes about,"The title `` Suite : Judy Blue Eyes '' (a play on words for `` Sweet Judy Blue Eyes '') refers to Stephen Stills' former girlfriend, singer / songwriter Judy Collins, and the lyrics to most of the suite's sections consist of his thoughts about her and their imminent breakup. Collins is known for her piercing blue eyes. During a July 15, 2007, interview for the National Public Radio program Just Roll Tape, Stills revealed that Collins was present in the studio when the demo tapes were recorded. Collins had advised Stills `` not to stay (at the studio) all night. '' Stills later commented that `` the breakup was imminent ... we were both too large for one house. '' Stills said that he liked parts of this demo version of `` Suite : Judy Blue Eyes '' better than the released version.","Stephen Stills' former girlfriend, Singer / songwriter Judy Collins"
swapping of segments of dna during meiosis i is called,"Chromosomal crossover (or crossing over) is the exchange of genetic material between homologous chromosomes that results in recombinant chromosomes during sexual reproduction. It is one of the final phases of genetic recombination, which occurs in the achene stage of prophase I of meiosis during a process called synopsis. Synopsis begins before the synaptonemal complex develops and is not completed until near the end of prophase I. Crossover usually occurs when matching regions on matching chromosomes break and then reconnect to the other chromosome.",Chromosomal crossover (or crossing over)
who published the book the presidential succession of 1910,"Francisco Ignacio Madero González (Spanish pronunciation : (fɾanˈsisko Ignacio Marcelo consoles) ; 30 October 1873 -- 22 February 1913) was a Mexican revolutionary, writer and statesman who served as the 33rd president of Mexico from 1911 until his assassination in 1913. He was an advocate for social justice and democracy. Madero was notable for challenging Mexican President Porfirio Díaz for the presidency in 1910 and being instrumental in sparking the Mexican Revolution.",Francisco Ignacio Madero González
from where east india company entered in india,"Initially, the company struggled in the spice trade because of the competition from the already well - established Dutch East India Company. The company opened a factory in Bantam on the first voyage, and imports of pepper from Java comprised an important part of the company's trade for twenty years. The factory in Bantam was closed in 1683. During this time ships belonging to the company arriving in India docked at Surat, which was established as a trade transit point in 1608.",Surat
who played motel in fiddler on the roof,"Leonard Frey as Motel Kamil, the tailor, Tzeitel's eventual husband",Leonard Frey
what provisions in the constitution are designed to ensure a fair trial,"Various rights associated with a fair trial are explicitly proclaimed in Article 10 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, and Article of the European Convention of Human Rights, as well as numerous other constitutions and declarations throughout the world. There is no binding international law that defines what is not a fair trial ; for example, the right to a jury trial and other important procedures vary from nation to nation.",The Sixth Amendment
who wrote the magic school bus theme song,The show's theme song called `` Ride on the Magic School Bus '' was written by Peter Lure and performed by rock' n' roll legend Little Richard.,Peter Lure
who sang wake me up before you go-go,"`` Wake Me Up Before You Go - Go '' is a song by the British duo Wham ! , first released as a single in the UK on 14 May 1984. It became their first UK and US number one hit. It was written and produced by George Michael. The single was certified Platinum in the US, which at the time commemorated sales of over two million copies.",Wham !
when is comedians in cars getting coffee coming to netflix,"Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee is an American web series talk show directed and hosted by comedian Jerry Seinfeld, distributed for the first nine seasons by digital network Crackle, then moving to Netflix for season ten (2018) . The series premiered on July 19, 2012.",Season ten (2018)
who is she's got a way about,"`` She's Got a Way '' is a love ballad. The lyrics to `` She's Got a Way '' have the singer describing how various characteristics of a particular woman, such as her laugh, make him love her, even though he can't understand why. To music critic Mark Ego it's a song about a woman who has `` mesmerized '' him. Joel biographer Fred Scorers describes the lyrics as a `` plainspoken, never - quite - corny adoration of a loved one. '' According to a friend of the couple, Bruce Gentile, the song was written about Joel's first wife Elizabeth.",Joel's first wife Elizabeth
who replaces the president in order of succession,"The United States presidential line of succession is the order in which persons may become or act as President of the United States if the incumbent President becomes incapacitated, dies, resigns or is removed from office. (A President can be removed from office by impeachment by the House of Representatives and subsequent conviction by the Senate. ) The line of succession is set by the United States Constitution and the Presidential Succession Act of 1947 as subsequently amended to include newly created cabinet offices. The succession follows the order of Vice President, Speaker of the House of Representatives, President pro tempore of the Senate, and then the heads of federal executive departments who form the Cabinet of the United States, which currently has fifteen members, beginning with the Secretary of State. Those heads of departments who are ineligible to act as President are also ineligible to succeed the President by succession, for example most commonly if they are not a natural-born U.S. citizen.","Vice President,"
who played katie douglas on my three sons,"Tina Cole (born August 1943) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Katie Miller Douglas on the 1960s sitcom My Three Sons (1967 -- 72) , but she previously had a recurring role as Sunny Day in the detective series Hawaiian Eye (1963) . She was also a member of the Four King Cousins, a subgroup of the King Family Singers. In 1963, she played the minor (uncredited) role of Ruth Stewart in Palm Springs Weekend, a spring break party film set in Palm Springs, California. She also appeared previously in My Three Sons as a friend of Robby cast in the role of Joanne, before the Katie role was created circa 1966.",Tina Cole
when does pirate of the caribbean come out,"Dead Men Tell No Tales was released in conventional, Disney Digital - D, Real D and IMAX D formats on May 26, 2017, ten years and one day after the release of At World's End (2007) . The film received praise for the performances, especially that of Bard em, visuals, music and shorter running time, and criticism for the convoluted and complicated plot ; some critics considered the film an improvement over the recent sequels while others thought the franchise had run its course. The film grossed $794 million worldwide, the second - the lowest gross of the series but the eighth highest - grossing film of 2017.","May 26, 2017"
who sings i will follow him in sister act,"The song is featured at the end of the 1992 film Sister Act, where it was performed by the nuns' chorus for the Pope.",The nuns' chorus
what religion is the owner of chick fil a,"Chick - film - A (/ to ɪkfɪˈleɪ / chip - film - A, a play on the American English pronunciation of `` fillet '') is an American fast food restaurant chain headquartered in the Atlanta district of College Park, Georgia, specializing in chicken sandwiches. Founded in May 1946, it operates more than, 200 restaurants, primarily in the United States. The restaurant serves breakfast before transitioning to its lunch and dinner menu. Chick - film - A also offers customers catered selections from its menu for special events. Many of the company's values are influenced by its founder's Southern Baptist beliefs ; all Chick - film - A restaurant are closed for business on Sundays as well as on Thanksgiving and Christmas.",Southern Baptist
how old was michael myers when he killed his older sister,"On Halloween night 1963, in the town of Haddonfield, Illinois, six - year - old Michael Myers, dressed in a clown costume, stabs his older sister Judith to death with a knife in their home. Fifteen years later on October 30, 1978, Michael's psychiatrist, Dr. Samuel Looms, and his colleague, Marion Chambers, arrive at Smith's Grove Sanitarium to escort Michael to court. Noticing that the patients are wandering about, Looms gets out of the car to investigate, allowing Michael, who has escaped, to steal Loomis's car. Returning home to Haddonfield, Michael kills a mechanic for his uniform and steals a mask, some knives, and some rope from a local hardware store.",six
meaning of the house of the rising sun lyrics,"`` The House of the Rising Sun '' is a traditional folk song, sometimes called `` Rising Sun Blues ''. It tells of a life gone wrong in New Orleans ; many versions also urge a sibling to avoid the same fate. The most successful commercial version, recorded in 1964 by British rock group the Animals, was a number one hit on the UK Singles Chart and also in the United States and France. As a traditional folk song recorded by an electric rock band, it has been described as the `` first folk - rock hit ''.",A life gone wrong in New Orleans
who said everything is fare in love and war,"`` All is fair in love and war '', a proverb attributed to John Lyly's Rufus",John Lyly's Rufus
who was the first finance minister of india before indopak division,Inaugural holder John Mathieu,John Mathieu
what is target disk mode on a mac,Target Disk Mode (sometimes referred to as TDM or Target Mode) is a boot mode unique to Macintosh computers.,A boot mode
the american pilot who flew nonstop across the atlantic in 33 hours in 1927 was,"Charles Augustus Lindbergh (February 1902 -- August 26, 1974) , nicknamed Lucky Lindy, The Lone Eagle, and Slim was an American aviator, military officer, author, inventor, explorer, and environmental activist. At age 25 in 1927, he went from obscurity as a U.S. Air Mail pilot to instantaneous world fame by winning the Organ Prize : making a nonstop flight from Roosevelt Field, Long Island, New York, to Paris, France. Lindbergh covered the ​ 33 ⁄ - hour,,600 statute miles (,800 km) alone in a single - engine purpose - built Ryan monoplane, Spirit of St. Louis. This was not the first flight between North America and Europe, but he did achieve the first solo transatlantic flight and the first non-stop flight between North America and the European mainland. Lindbergh was an officer in the U.S. Army Air Corps Reserve, and he received the United States' highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for the feat.",Charles Augustus Lindbergh
who designed the nigerian flag and in what year,"The national flag is an adaptation of the winning entry from Michael Two Akinkunmi in a competition held in 1959. The original submission had a red radiating sun badge in the center triptych of one white vertical with a green vertical on each side. After the badge was removed by the judges, the flag has remained unchanged. Like other countries, Nigeria has special ensigns for civil and naval vessels. Some of its states also have flags.","Michael Two Akinkunmi, 1959"
where is harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban filmed,"The third film was the first to extensively utilize real - life locations, as much of the first two films had been shot in the studio. Some sets for the film were built in Glen COE, Scotland, near the Coaching Inn. The indoor sets, including ones built for the previous two films, are mainly in Leaves den Film Studios. The Hogwarts Lake was filmed from Lock Shield, Lock Silt and Lock Moral in the Scottish Highlands. Incidentally, the train bridge, which was also featured in the Chamber of Secrets, is opposite Lock Shield and was used to film the sequences when the Mentor boarded the train. A small section of the triple - Decker bus scene, where it weaves in between traffic, was filmed in North London's Palmer's Green. Some parts were also filmed in and around Borough Market and Lambert Bridge in London.","Glen COE, Scotland, Near the Coaching Inn, Leaves den Film Studios, Lock Shield, Lock Silt and Lock Moral in the Scottish Highlands, North London's Palmer's Green, Borough Market and Lambert Bridge in London"
coaches who have won college and nfl championships,"Barry Lane Switzer (born October 1937) is a former American football player and coach. He served for 16 years as head football coach at the University of Oklahoma and four years as head coach for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL) . He helped the Cowboys win Super Bowl XXX against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Furthermore, he has one of the highest winning percentages of any college football coach in history, and is one of only three head coaches to win both a college football national championship and a Super Bowl, the others being Jimmy Johnson and Pete Carroll.","Barry Lane Switzer, Jimmy Johnson, Pete Carroll"
who did the french revolt against in 1789,"The French Revolution (French : Revolution franchise (ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz) ) was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799, and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire. The Revolution overthrew the monarchy, established a republic, experienced violent periods of political turmoil, and finally culminated in a dictatorship under Napoleon that rapidly brought many of its principles to Western Europe and beyond. Inspired by liberal and radical ideas, the Revolution profoundly altered the course of modern history, triggering the global decline of absolute monarchies while replacing them with republics and liberal democracies. Through the Revolutionary Wars, it unleashed a wave of global conflicts that extended from the Caribbean to the Middle East. Historians widely regard the Revolution as one of the most important events in human history.",The monarchy
who sings the song you dropped the bomb on me,"`` You Dropped a Bomb on Me '' is an electron song performed by The Gap Band, released in 1982 on producer Lonnie Simmons' label, Total Experience Records. It reached on the Billboard R&B charts, 39 on the dance charts and 31 on the Billboard Hot 100. In addition to the single release, the song was featured on the band's 1982 album IV.","The Gap Band,"
who was involved in the attack on pearl harbour,"The attack on Pearl Harbor was a surprise military strike by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii Territory, on the morning of December 1941. The attack, also known as the Battle of Pearl Harbor, led to the United States' entry into World War II. The Japanese military leadership referred to the attack as the Hawaii Operation and Operation AI, and as Operation Z during its planning.",The Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
when did the battle of waterloo start and end,"The Battle of Waterloo was fought on Sunday, 18 June 1815, near Waterloo in present - day Belgium, then part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. A French army under the command of Napoleon Bonaparte was defeated by two of the armies of the Seventh Coalition : a British - led Allied army under the command of the Duke of Wellington, and a Prussian army under the command of Gerhard Research von Blucher, Prince of Hallstatt. The battle marked the end of the 20-year Napoleonic Wars.",18 June 1815
when did the last starwars movie come out,"Principal photography on The Last Jedi began in February 2016. Additional filming took place in Dubrovnik from March to March 16, 2016, as well as in Ireland in May 2016. Principal photography wrapped in July 2016. On December 27, 2016, Carrie Fisher died after going into cardiac arrest a few days earlier. Before her death, Fisher had completed filming her role as General Leia Organa in The Last Jedi. The film was released on December 15, 2017.","December 15, 2017"
what was the result of the womens suffrage movement,"Women's suffrage (colloquial : female suffrage, woman suffrage or women's right to vote) is the right of women to vote in elections ; a person who advocates the extension of suffrage, particularly to women, is called a suffragist. Limited voting rights were gained by women in Finland, Iceland, Sweden and some Australian colonies and western U.S. states in the late 19th century. National and international organizations formed to coordinate efforts to gain voting rights, especially the International Woman Suffrage Alliance (founded in 1904, Berlin, Germany) , and also worked for equal civil rights for women.",The right of women to vote in elections
where does the mississippi river get its name,"The word itself comes from Messiah, the French rendering of the Anishinaabe (Ojibwa or Algonquin) name for the river, Mini - alibi (Great River) .","From Messiah, The French rendering of the Anishinaabe (Ojibwa or Algonquin) name for the river, Mini - alibi (Great River)"
when did michael jordan do the air jordan,"Jordan is also known for his product endorsements. He fueled the success of Nike's Air Jordan sneakers, which were introduced in 1985 and remain popular today. Jordan also starred in the 1996 film Space Jam as himself. In 2006, he became part - owner and head of basketball operations for the then - Charlotte Bobcats, buying a controlling interest in 2010. In 2015, Jordan became the first billionaire NBA player in history as a result of the increase in value of NBA franchises. He is the third - the richest African - American, behind Oprah Winfrey and Robert F. Smith.",1985
who dies at the end of west side story,"Doc relates the news to Tony, who has been dreaming of heading to the countryside to have children with Maria. Feeling there is no longer anything to live for, Tony leaves to find Chino, begging for him to shoot him as well. Just as Tony sees Maria alive, Chino arrives and shoots Tony. The Jets, Sharks, and adults flock around the lovers. Maria holds Tony in her arms (and sings a quiet, brief reprise of `` Somewhere '') as he dies. Angry at the death of another friend, the Jets move towards the Sharks, but Maria takes Chino's gun and tells everyone that `` all of (them) '' killed Tony and the others because of their hate for each other, and, `` Now I can kill too, because now I have hate ! '' she yells. However, she is unable to bring herself to fire the gun and drops it, crying in grief. Gradually, all the members of both gangs assemble on either side of Tony's body, showing that the feud is over. The Jets and Sharks form a procession, and together carry Tony away, with Maria the last one in the procession.",Tony
where was the first oil well drilled in oklahoma,"The First Oil Well in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in Asoka County, Choctaw Nation, Indian Territory, though it was not completed until 1888.","Asoka County, Choctaw Nation, Indian Territory"
when did the land before time movies come out,"The Land Before Time, is an American franchise of animated adventure films by Universal Studios centered on dinosaurs. The series began in 1988 with the eponymous The Land Before Time, directed and produced by Don Blush and executive produced by George Lucas and Steven Spielberg. It was followed by a total of thirteen direct - to - video musical sequels, TV series, video games, soundtracks and related merchandising. Neither the sequels nor the series involve the participation of Blush, Lucas, or Spielberg. All 14 films were released in a Complete Collection DVD set on June 14, 2016.",1988
what does the lone ranger say to silver,"In an echo of the Lone Ranger's line, Tonto frequently says, `` Git - um up, Scout ! '' (The phrase became so well embedded in the Lone Ranger mythos that International Harvester used it as an advertising line to promote their Scout utility vehicle in the 1970s. ) In the Format Films animated cartoon which ran from 1966 to 1968, Tonto also had an eagle he called Take, and installments that focused exclusively on him or had him team up with the Lone Ranger ended with his saying, `` Fly, Take ! On, Scout ! '' (Those where he teamed with the Lone Ranger had the Ranger following this up with the customary `` Hi - yo, Silver ! Away ! '')","Hi - yo, Silver ! Away !"
where is the trump tower in new york,"Trump Tower is a 58 - story, 664 - foot - high (202 m) mixed - use skyscraper at 721 -- 725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Trump Tower serves as the headquarters for The Trump Organization. Additionally, it houses the penthouse condominium residence of the building's namesake and developer, U.S. President Donald Trump, who was a businessman and real estate developer when the tower was developed. Several members of the Trump family also live, or have resided, in the building. The tower stands on a plot where the flagship store of department - store chain Bowie Teller was formerly located.","721 -- 725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City"
when did the spitfire go out of service,Post-war the Spitfire was to continue to serve as a front line fighter and in secondary roles for several air forces well into the 1950s. The last offensive sorties made by RAF Spitfires were flown by 60 Squadron Mk XVIII's over Malaya on January 1951.,January 1951
coming home for christmas 2017 where was it filmed,"Filming took place in British Columbia, in the Abbotsford, Vancouver and Langley areas in August 2017, with a mansion in the Alder grove area of Largely serving as the property at the center of the story.","Abbotsford, Vancouver and Langley areas"
who plays the new female mayor on blue bloods,"In the first season, Frank is well regarded and respected by his officers and his city, to the point where the Mayor felt threatened by his popularity ; however, by season, public opinion regarding the police -- and him personally -- has changed so drastically that he gets booed off-stage while speaking at Columbia University. However, in season, new mayor Margaret Button affirms that his polls are better than any of the NY Mayors",Margaret Button
first person to sail around the world by the clipper route,"It is also worth pointing out that the first person to circumnavigate the world solo, Joshua Slocum in the Spray, did it rounding Cape Horn from east to west. His was not the fastest circumnavigation on record, and he took more than one try to get through Cape Horn.",Joshua Slocum
what are the big orcs in lord of the rings,"The Uruk - HAI, described as large black orcs of great strength, first appeared from Mordor about the year 2475 of the Third Age, when they briefly took Italian and the city of Goliath. These original Uruks were of Sauron's breeding, but Truman bred his own, which could endure sunlight. Due to their superior size and strength, the Uruk often looked down upon and bullied other breeds of orc.",The Uruk - HAI
what do you call a hamburger without a bun,"The term `` burger '' can also be applied to the meat patty on its own, especially in the UK where the term `` patty '' is rarely used, or the term can even refer simply to ground beef. The term may be prefixed with the type of meat or meat substitute used, as in `` turkey burger '', `` bison burger '', or `` veggie burger ''.","burger, Meat patty"
when is the dative case used in german,"In general, the dative (German : Dative) is used to mark the indirect object of a German sentence. For example :",To mark the indirect object of a German sentence
inclusion bodies formation of syncytia and change in cell shape are examples of,"Myopathic effect or cytopathogenic effect (abbreviated CPE) refers to structural changes in host cells that are caused by viral invasion. The infecting virus causes lysis of the host cell or when the cell dies without lysis due to an inability to reproduce. Both of these effects occur due to Cues. If a virus causes these morphological changes in the host cell, it is said to be cytopathogenic. Common examples of CPE include rounding of the infected cell, fusion with adjacent cells to form Scotia, and the appearance of nuclear or cytoplasmic inclusion bodies.",Myopathic effect
who sent the wedding video to gossip girl,"Blair thinks her stepfather may have found a potential loophole in her prenuptial agreement that would allow her to escape her marriage to Louis. Cede Rhodes, before her death, arranged for a secret Irish - themed wake to take place at Van her Wooden penthouse. Georgina Sparks decides to leave her post at Gossip Girl to her loyal but incompetent husband, Phil, and crash the wake to stir up more trouble. Chuck learns that Dan was the one who sent the video of him and Blair at her wedding ceremony and sends a blast to Gossip Girl. However, Phil inadvertently leaves Chuck's name in the blast. William Van her Wooden (guest star William Baldwin) returns to the Upper East Side for the wake, and is the executor of CeCe's estate. Ivy Dickens is announced as CeCe's heir, and we learn that Cede was apparently aware the whole time of Ivy's real identity. Ivy evicts both Lily and Rufus from the Van her Wooden penthouse. Carol Rhodes also reveals the identity of Charlie's father as William Van her Wooden. The real Charlie' Lola' Rhodes continues her affair with Nate but has little interest in getting to know her family until Georgina suggests to her there may be another reason why her mother hid her from them. We learn that Blair's personal accountant, Esteem, is in love with Louis, and she convinces Blair to agree to having her marriage annulled as long as she doesn't say a word to the media, including Gossip Girl. However, this is all a ruse perpetrated by Georgina herself, who sends a photo of Blair and Dan kissing to Gossip Girl and the Waldorf's are once again threatened with responsibility of paying the dowry and declaring bankruptcy. Blair tells Chuck that she will always love him but is not in love with him anymore. Georgina no longer wants to act as Gossip Girl after revealing to everyone that she has been filling in for the real Gossip Girl. She sends her computer to Serena and leaves for Monaco to help annul Blair's marriage ... in exchange for a favor down the road. Blair tells Dan that he's the one who has her heart, and they begin a relationship.",Dan
what was significant about the outcome of the august coup in the soviet union,"The 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt, also known as the August Coup (Russian : Августовский путч, try. Avgustovskiy Dutch `` August Putsch '') , was an attempt by members of the Soviet Union's government to take control of the country from Soviet President and General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev. The coup leaders were hard - line members of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPU) who were opposed to Gorbachev's reform program and the new union treaty that he had negotiated which decentralized much of the central government's power to the republics. They were opposed, mainly in Moscow, by a short, but effective campaign of civil resistance led by Russian president Boris Yeltsin, who had been both an ally and critic of Gorbachev. Although the coup collapsed in only two days and Gorbachev returned to government, the event destabilized the Soviet Union and is widely considered to have contributed to both the demise of the CPU and the dissolution of the Soviet Union.",Demise of the CPU and the dissolution of the Soviet Union
who coined the term zymase for enzymes in yeast,"Some science historians suggest that Eduard Büchner, in his 1897 work, merely repeated experiments already made by Antoine Became in 1857. This is not the case : what Büchner obtained with yeast lyase, and without yeast cells, was alcoholic fermentation, while Became had explicitly stated that, in absence of yeast cells, and by use of what he, also, called `` lyase '', he obtained only sugar inversion and no alcoholic fermentation. According to K.L. Manchester, what Became called `` lyase '' was inverse.",Eduard Büchner
where will the 2018 world cup final be held,"The final tournament will involve 32 national teams, which include 31 teams determined through qualifying competitions and the automatically qualified host team. A total of 64 matches will be played in 12 venues located in 11 cities. The final will take place on 15 July in Moscow at the Luzhniki Stadium.",In Moscow at the Luzhniki Stadium
how many senate seats are up for grabs in 2018,"Elections to the United States Senate will be held November 2018, with 33 of the 100 seats in the Senate being contested in regular elections and two seats being contested in special elections. The winners will serve six - year terms from January 2019, to January 2025. Currently, Democrats have 24 seats up for election, as well as the seats of two independents who caucus with them. Republicans have nine seats up for election. The seats up for regular election in 2018 were last up for election in 2012 ; in addition, special elections will be scheduled if vacancies occur, as has already happened in Minnesota and Mississippi. After the 2016 elections, some state election officials are trying to upgrade voting systems in time for this election.",33 of the 100 seats in the Senate being contested in regular elections and two seats being contested in special elections
who sang the original version of walking in memphis,"`` Walking in Memphis '' is a song composed and originally recorded by the American singer-songwriter Marc Cohn, for whom it remains his signature song. Cohn said the song is `` 100 percent autobiographical ''. He described it as a song about `` a Jewish gospel - music - lover '', and as `` a pretty literal transcription of a visit I made ... in 1986. I went to Graceland, I heard Al Green preach the gospel, I saw W.C. Handy's statue. But the song is about more than just a place, it's about a kind of spiritual awakening, one of those trips where you're different when you leave. '' It reflects on Cohn's experience as a Jew who feels the Gospel spirit of Memphis.",Marc Cohn
who plays will's mum in fresh prince of bel air,"Viola `` By '' Smith - Wilkes, portrayed by Verne Watson - Johnson, is Vivian's oldest sister and Will's loving mother. She is a stern, no - nonsense disciplinarian who is not afraid to challenge anyone who gets in her way. It was her idea that Will should go to Bel Air to get a good education and avoid a life of violence in their West Philadelphia neighborhood. By works as a supervisor at the post office. It was due to this she opposed the decision when Janice decides to marry Frank, a white man. Though by their next encounter she is more acceptable. By eventually decides to marry Lisa Wilkes' father after Will and Lisa call off their second wedding attempt. However, it is unknown whether they married, since in Vy's next appearance, Mr. Wilkes is not seen or mentioned. Her maiden name and married name were previously the same, as Will's father was named Lou Smith.",Verne Watson - Johnson
how many states do you need to ratify an amendment,"Article Five of the United States Constitution describes the process whereby the Constitution, the nation's frame of government, may be altered. Altering the Constitution consists of proposing an amendment or amendments and subsequent ratification. Amendments may be proposed either by the Congress with a two - thirds vote in both the House of Representatives and the Senate or by a convention of states called for by two - thirds of the state legislatures. To become part of the Constitution, an amendment must be ratified by either -- as determined by Congress -- the legislatures of three - quarters of the states or state ratifying conventions in three - quarters of the states. The vote of each state (to either ratify or reject a proposed amendment) carries equal weight, regardless of a state's population or length of time in the Union.",Three - quarters of the states
who played fred rutherford on leave it to beaver,"Frederick `` Fred '' Rutherford is a fictional character in the television sitcom Leave It to Beaver. The show aired October 1957 to June 20, 1963. Fred is portrayed by Richard Deacon. Alan Ra chins played the character in the 1997 film adaptation of the series, Leave It to Beaver.",Richard Deacon
100 proof rum contains what percentage of alcohol,The proof system in the United States was established around 1848 and was based on percent alcohol rather than specific gravity. 50 % alcohol was defined as 100 proof.,50 %
how many australian soldiers were killed in world war 2,"Over 27,000 Australians were killed and 23,000 wounded in action during World War II. In addition, hundreds more servicemen and women were killed and injured in accidents during the war.","Over 27,000"
when was the song my heart will go on written,"`` My Heart Will Go On '', also called the `` Love Theme from Titanic '', is the main theme song to James Cameron's blockbuster film Titanic. Its music was composed by James Corner, its lyrics were written by Will Jennings, and it was produced by Walter Afanasieff and Simon Fran glen, recorded by Celine Dion, and released in 1997.",1997
3. the drakensberg has the 2nd highest waterfall in africa. what’s it called,"The high treeless peaks of the d'Arenberg (from, 500 m (,200 ft) upwards) have been described by the World Wildlife Fund as the d'Arenberg anti - montane grasslands and woodlands ecoregion. These steep slopes are the most southerly high mountains in Africa, and being further from the equator provide cooler habitats at lower elevations than most mountain ranges on the continent. The high rainfall generates many mountain streams and rivers, including the sources of the Orange River, Southern Africa is longest, and the Hugely River. These mountains also have the world's second - the highest waterfall, the Hugely Falls (Hugely Falls) , which has a total drop of 947 m (,107 ft) . The rivers that run from the d'Arenberg are an essential resource for South Africa's economy, providing water for the industrial provinces of Mpumalanga and Gluten, which contains the city of Johannesburg. The climate is wet and cool at the high elevations, which experience snowfall in winter.",The Hugely Falls (Hugely Falls)
who played kelly on the drew carey show,"Kellie Newark (Cynthia Waters) -- Drew's childhood friend. She has had a crush on Drew since high school but never told him. She was married, but her husband cheated on her with her sister. Her mother is an alcoholic and leaves her father, eventually hooking up with Lewis. After Kate leaves, Drew realizes that he loves Kellie. Drew is afraid to tell Kellie because it may ruin their friendship like it did with Kate. After Lily leaves Drew, they confess their feelings for each other. When Kellie comes out while Drew is talking to his dad and asks Drew what they are going to do about their feelings for each other, Drew's dad falls off the roof and dies. Eventually during the beginning stage of their relationship Kellie finds out she is pregnant with Drew Jr. but won't marry Drew because she doesn't think he is ready for marriage. During the finale she decides Drew is ready. But her water breaks and she and Drew get married right when the baby is born.",Cynthia Waters
what did pryzm nottingham used to be called,The site became vacant when Nottingham Prison was demolished. The building was constructed by the Midland Calais de Danse Company and opened as a dance hall and billiard saloon under the name Calais de Danse. The architects were Alfred John Thrives and Henry Hardwick Dawson and the contractors were W. and J. Simon's. The building featured a globe and frieze of dancers over the entrance. It opened to invited guests on 22 April 1925 and to the public days later.,Calais de Danse
when did call of duty ww 2 come out,"Call of Duty : WWII is a first - person shooter video game developed by Sledgehammer Games and published by Activision. It is the fourteenth main installment in the Call of Duty series and was released worldwide on November 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation and Xbox One. It is the first title in the series to be set primarily during World War II since Call of Duty : World at War in 2008. The game is set in the European theater, and is centered around a squad in the st Infantry Division, following their battles on the Western Front, and set mainly in the historical events of Operation Overlord ; the multiplayer expands to different fronts not seen in the campaign.","November, 2017"
what is the airport code for panama city florida,"The Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport (IATA : ECP, ICAO : KEEP, FAA LID : ECP) is a public airport 18 miles northwest of Panama City, in Bay County. The airport is owned by the Panama City - Bay County Airport & Industrial District. And is north of Panama City Beach, Florida, near West Bay. It replaced Panama City -- Bay County International Airport (Fannie Field, PFN) , which was in Panama City.","IATA : ECP, ICAO : KEEP, FAA LID : ECP"
who got their ear bit off in boxing,"Evander Holyfield vs. Mike Tyson II, billed as `` The Sound and the Fury '' and afterwards infamously referred to as `` The Bite Fight '', was a professional boxing match contested on June 28, 1997, for the WBA Heavyweight Championship. It achieved notoriety as one of the most bizarre fights in boxing history, after Tyson bit off part of Holyfield's ear. Tyson was disqualified from the match and lost his boxing license, though it was later reinstated.",Evander Holyfield
what was the theme of national science day celebrated on 28 february 2017,The theme of the year 2017 was `` Science and Technology for Specially Able Persons '',`` Science and Technology for Specially Able Persons ''
what is mercer in do androids dream of electric sheep,"In post-apocalyptic 1992 (2021 in later editions) , after `` World War Terminus '', the Earth's dirty atmosphere leads the United Nations to encourage mass emigrations to off - world colonies to preserve humanity's genetic integrity, with the incentive of free personal androids : robot servants identical to humans. On Earth, owning real live animals is a status symbol, because of mass extinctions and the cultural push for greater empathy that has motivated a technology - based religion called Mercerism. Poor people can only afford realistic - looking electric animals. Declared, for example, owns a robotic black - faced sheep. Mercerism uses `` empathy boxes '' to link users simultaneously to a collective virtual reality of communal suffering, centered on a martyr - like character, Wilbur Mercer, who eternally climbs up a hill while being hit with crashing stones.",Eternally climbs up a hill while being hit with crashing stones
when does the man from uncle take place,"In 1963, at the height of the Cold War, professional thief - turned CIA agent Napoleon Solo extracts Gaby Teller, daughter of Dr. Udo Teller, an alleged Nazi scientist - turned United States collaborator at the end of World War II, from East Berlin, evading KGB operative Ill ya Curtain. He later reports to his superior, Sanders, who reveals that Gaby's maternal uncle Audi works in a shipping company owned by Alexander and Victoria Vinciguerra, a wealthy Nazi - sympathizing couple who intend to use Teller to build their own private nuclear weapon and give it to lingering Nazi elements. Due to the potentially world - ending nature of this crisis, the CIA and KGB have reluctantly teamed up, and Solo and Curtain are ordered to stop the Vinciguerras from succeeding, with both men secretly assigned to steal Udo Teller's research for their respective governments.",1963
what is the name of the compound with the formula al(ch3coo)3,"Neutral aluminum acetate, Al (CH CO) , which is formally called aluminum acetate under IUPAC rules, with CAS RN 139 - 12 -","Neutral aluminum acetate, Aluminium acetate"
when did they start putting iodine in salt,"In the U.S. in the early 20th century, goiter was especially prevalent in the region around the Great Lakes and the Pacific Northwest. David Murray Bowie, a professor of pediatrics at the University of Michigan, led the U.S. to adopt the Swiss practice of adding sodium iodide or potassium iodide to table and cooking salt. On May 1924, iodized salt was sold commercially in Michigan. By the fall of 1924, Morton Salt Company began distributing iodized salt nationally. There was a gradual increase in average intelligence of standard deviation, 15 points, in iodine - deficient areas and. Points nationally.",1924
who did simple simon met going to the fair,"Simple Simon met a pie man, Going to the fair ; Says Simple Simon to the pie man, Let me taste your ware.",pie man
where did quality street get its name from,"Quality Street is a popular selection of individual tinned or boxed toffees, chocolates and sweets, produced by Nestlé. Quality Street was first made in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England in 1936. It was named after a play by J.M. Barrie.",After a play by J.M. Barrie
where did they film american horror story coven,"Principal photography for the season began on July 23, 2013, in New Orleans, Louisiana. The casting call reads, `` After two seasons shooting in Los Angeles, the series moves to (New Orleans) for its third season. Filming begins July 23, 2013, in New Orleans, Louisiana and (will be) completed on January 17, 2014. '' Despite Ryan Murphy stating that the third season would take place in multiple cities, New Orleans is the primary setting of the third installment.","New Orleans, Los Angeles"
who owns the westgate hotel in las vegas,"The West gate Las Vegas Resort & Casino is a hotel and casino in Winchester, Nevada. It is owned by West gate Resorts and operated by Navigate Group. It has, 956 hotel rooms including 305 suites. Furthermore, it opened in 1969 as the International Hotel, and was known for many years as the Las Vegas Hilton, then briefly as the LVH -- Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. Furthermore, it was renamed the West gate Las Vegas on July 2014. The hotel is 30 stories tall with a height of 114.30 meter / 375.00 feet. Located on 64 acres (26 ha) , it has a 74,000 square feet (,900 m) casino and is also home to the largest sports book in Las Vegas. The hotel is located next to the Las Vegas Convention Center and has its own 200,000 sq ft (19,000 m) convention center, and a station along the Las Vegas Monorail.",West gate Resorts
the tendency to judge other cultures by the standards of one’s own is considered,"Ethnocentrism is judging another culture solely by the values and standards of one's own culture. Ethnocentric individuals judge other groups relative to their own ethnic group or culture, especially with concern for language, behavior, customs, and religion. These ethnic distinctions and subdivisions serve to define each ethnicity's unique cultural identity. William G. Summer defined it as `` the technical name for the view of things in which one's own group is the center of everything, and all others are scaled and rated with reference to it. '' He further characterized ethnocentrism as often leading to pride, vanity, beliefs of one's own group's superiority, and contempt of outsiders. This may occur for the differentiation of people between in - groups and out - groups. Two main view points of ethnocentrism are the social sciences and the genetics. In anthropology, cultural relativism is used as an antithesis and an antonym to ethnocentrism. In biology, ethnocentrism is considered a natural condition of mankind.",Ethnocentrism
who sings the song waiting on a woman,"`` Waiting' on a Woman '' is a song written by Don Sampson and Wynn Marble, and performed three times by American country music artist Brad Paisley. His first recording of the song was included on his 2005 album Time Well Wasted. Three years later, Paisley re-recorded the song for inclusion on a re-issue of his 2007 album TH Gear. This re-recorded version was issued on June 2008 and became the twenty-first chart single of Paisley's career and became the twelfth number single of his career and his eighth consecutive number single. The song also appeared on Play with a guest vocal from Andy Griffith.",American country music artist Brad Paisley
who votes for the ap top 25 basketball,"The Associated Press (AP Poll) provides weekly rankings of the top 25 NCAA teams in one of three Division I college sports : football, men's basketball and women's basketball. The rankings are compiled by polling 65 sportswriters and broadcasters from across the nation. Each voter provides his own ranking of the top 25 teams, and the individual rankings are then combined to produce the national ranking by giving a team 25 points for a first place vote, 24 for a second place vote, and so on down to point for a twenty-fifth place vote. Ballots of the voting members in the AP Poll are made public.",65 sportswriters and broadcasters from across the nation
how far is vidor tx from beaumont tx,"Vigor (/ Vader / BY - Dr) is a city in western Orange County, Texas, United States. A city of Southeast Texas, it lies at the intersection of Interstate 10 and Farm to Market Road 105, six miles east of Beaumont. The town is mainly a bedroom community for the nearby refining complexes in Beaumont and Port Arthur and is part of the Beaumont - Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 10,579 at the 2010 census.",Six miles
when was the last debutantes presented at court,"In the United Kingdom, the last debutantes were presented at Court in 1958, after which Queen Elizabeth II abolished the ceremony. Attempts were made to keep the tradition going by organizing a series of parties for young girls who might otherwise have been presented at Court in their first season (to which suitable young men were also invited) by Peter Townsend. However, the withdrawal of royal patronage made these occasions increasingly insignificant, and scarcely distinguishable from any other part of the social season.",1958
number of hemoglobin molecules in a red blood cell,"The blood's red color is due to the spectral properties of the he mic iron ions in hemoglobin. Each human red blood cell contains approximately 270 million of these hemoglobin molecules. Each hemoglobin molecule carries four heme groups ; hemoglobin constitutes about a third of the total cell volume. Hemoglobin is responsible for the transport of more than 98 % of the oxygen in the body (the remaining oxygen is carried dissolved in the blood plasma) . The red blood cells of an average adult human male store collectively about. Grams of iron, representing about 65 % of the total iron contained in the body.",Approximately 270 million
when is the big 10 mens basketball tournament,"The 2017 Tournament was held at Verizon Center in Washington, D.C. The 2018 Tournament was held at Madison Square Garden in New York and held a week earlier than usual due to the Big East Tournament, ending on March 2018, one week before Selection Sunday. The 2019 through 2022 Tournaments will return to alternating between United Center in Chicago and Bankers Life Field house in Indianapolis.",2019
who narrated the original 1966 how the grinch stole christmas,"How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! (also known as Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! ) is a 1966 Christmas animated television special directed and co-produced by Chuck Jones. It is based on the eponymous children's book by Dr. Seuss, the story of the Grinch trying to take away Christmas from the townsfolk of Whoville below his mountain hideaway. Originally telecast in the United States on CBS on December 18, 1966, it went on to become a perennial holiday special. The special also features the voice of Boris Karloff as the Grinch and the narrator.",Boris Karloff
who sings the theme song for three's company,"As a vocalist, Charles, along with Julia Drinker Miller, sang the theme song to the television series Three's Company (`` Come and Knock on Our Door '') . As a songwriter, Charles was best known for the choral anthem `` Fifty Nifty United States '' in which he set the names of the states to music in alphabetical order. It was originally written for The Perry Como Show. He is also known for `` Letters, We Get Letters '', also originally written for Como's show and later used on the Late Show with David Letterman.","Charles, Julia Drinker Miller"
when did the real housewives of atlanta start,"The Real Housewives of Atlanta (abbreviated RHEA) is an American reality television series that premiered on October 2008, on Bravo. Developed as the third installment of The Real Housewives franchise, following The Real Housewives of Orange County and New York City, it has aired nine seasons and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in Atlanta, Georgia.","October, 2008"
who led a mission to california in 1846,"The only other United States military force in California at the time was a small exploratory expedition led by Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fremont, made up of 30 topographical, surveying, etc. army troops and about 25 men hired as guides and hunters. The Fremont expedition had been dispatched to California, in 1845, from the United States Army Corps of Topographical Engineers.",Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fremont
what was the name of the gang johnny utah infiltrated in point break,"Former Ohio State Buckeyes quarterback and rookie FBI Agent Johnny Utah is assigned to assist experienced agent and veteran Angelo Pampas in investigating a string of bank robberies by the `` Ex-Presidents '', a gang of robbers who wear face - masks depicting former US presidents Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Jimmy Carter to disguise their true identities. They raid only the cash drawers in the banks that they rob -- never going for the vault -- and are out within 90 seconds.",`` Ex-Presidents ''
what is the name of the roman god of war,"In ancient Roman religion and myth, Mars (Latin : Mars, (Mars) ) was the god of war and also an agricultural guardian, a combination characteristic of early Rome. He was second in importance only to Jupiter, and he was the most prominent of the military gods in the religion of the Roman army. Most of his festivals were held in March, the month named for him (Latin Marius) , and in October, which began the season for military campaigning and ended the season for farming.",Mars
what kind of grass does the white house have,"During the administrations of Rutherford B. Hayes and (the first of) Grover Cleveland the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers were engaged to reconfigure the South Lawn, reducing the size of Downing's circular parade, and creating the current boundaries much as they presently are. Theodore Roosevelt who had engaged the architectural firm of McKay, Mead, and White to reconfigure and rebuild parts of the White House in 1902, was influenced to remove the complex of Victorian era glass houses built up the West Colonnade and the site of the present West Wing. In 1934, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt engaged Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. to evaluate the grounds and recommend changes. Olmsted understood the need to offer presidents and their families a modicum of privacy balancing with the requirement for public views of the White House. The Olmsted plan presented the landscape largely as seen today : retaining or planting large specimen trees and shrubs on the perimeter to create boundaries for visual privacy, but punctuated with generous sight lines of the house from north and south. The lawn is planted with a grass variety called tall rescue (Fistula arundinacea) .",Tall rescue (Fistula arundinacea)
what do you mean by adapted physical education,"Adapted physical education (APE) is the art and science of developing, implementing, and monitoring a carefully designed physical education instructional program for a learner with a disability, based on a comprehensive assessment, to give the learner the skills necessary for a lifetime of rich leisure, recreation, and sport experiences to enhance physical fitness and wellness. Adapted physical education generally refers to school - based programs for students ages -- 21.","The art and science of developing, implementing, And monitoring a carefully designed physical education instructional program for a learner with a disability, Based on a comprehensive assessment, To give the learner the skills necessary for a lifetime of rich leisure, recreation, And sport experiences to enhance physical fitness and wellness"
adrian's baby's name in secret life,"Portrayed by Francis Raise, Adrian is the daughter of Ruben Enriquez and Cindy Lee, and the ex-wife of Ben. She is 20 years old. Adrian is both book smart and street smart, hard - edged and emotional. Although she is a straight - A student and a majorette, she has a reputation for being a drama queen and the `` school slut ''. She also has strong feelings for Ricky despite claiming she doesn't anymore since they stopped speaking to each other. Adrian grew up never knowing who her father was, until she went on a search to find him. Her father ended up marrying her mother after 16 years of being apart from each other. Adrian and her parents now live next door to the Jürgen family. Her mother is a flight attendant and her father is a District Attorney. Like Ricky, Adrian is also known to use sex to deal with pain. In the episode `` Be My, Be My Baby '', she reveals that she first had sex when she was fifteen, with her childhood best friend Antonio, who was moving away in order to get cancer treatments. Adrian was infuriated after she found out that Ricky kissed Amy, believing that it went beyond kissing, even though it was a mostly innocent encounter. Adrian had a one - night - stand with Ben in retaliation, and ended up becoming pregnant with his child. She had her mind set on abortion, but she eventually backed out and decided to keep the baby. Adrian's decision to keep the baby received a lot of positive support from her father and even Amy, who had called her to let her know that she was giving Adrian the same offer of a friendship between them that she had given her in the past, because their children might end up becoming friends. Adrian later finds out that she is having a baby girl, which both she and Ben are excited about, and she and Ben later get married. Adrian gives birth to their daughter Mercy, who is tragically stillborn due to heart failure. Adrian and Ben are both absolutely devastated by Mercy's death. After this, Ben realizes he no longer loves Adrian, and that he may never have truly loved her. Ben decides that he wants a divorce. When she finds this out, Adrian tries to get pregnant again, believing that they will fall back in love and be happy again if she has another baby. When this doesn't work, she decides he should leave. After Ben left, Adrian realized she still loved Ricky, so she decided to date a guy named Dante in an attempt to make Ricky jealous. In the process, she meets Dante's brother, Omar, and begins dating him, because Dante left the country without an explanation. But Ricky had other plans - he ended up proposing to Amy at their graduation. Adrian wants one last kiss from Ricky, to see if she still has feelings for him. At the graduation party, she receives the kiss and is happy to discover that the kiss leaves her unmoved ; however, Omar is at the party and is offended by Adrian kissing Ricky, and leaves. Disconsolate, Adrian has sex with Henry. The next day, she realizes that she has made a mistake, and repeatedly calls Omar, who does not answer her calls. To her surprise, Dante arrives back from his semester abroad. When she tells him that she has been seeing his brother, he breaks up with her. Adrian and her best friend Grace are fed up with boys, and decide to enroll in summer school together. Shortly after, Adrian gets a letter in the mail, stating that she is legally divorced from Ben. She then completes summer school and shows signs of still being in love with Ricky. She falls back in love with Omar, but denies his proposal of marriage, wanting to wait until her schooling is complete.",Mercy
when was it discovered that lead was poisonous,"In 2013 lead is believed to have resulted in 853,000 deaths. It occurs most commonly in the developing world. Those who are poor are at greater risk. Lead is believed to result in. % of the world's disease burden. People have been mining and using lead for thousands of years. Descriptions of lead poisoning date to at least 2000 BC, while efforts to limit lead's use date back to at least the 1500s. Concerns for low levels of exposure begin in the 1970s with there being no safe threshold for lead exposure.",At least 2000 BC
when did the first apple iphone come out,"On January 2007, Steve Jobs announced iPhone at the Mac world convention, receiving substantial media attention. Jobs announced that the first iPhone would be released later that year. On June 29, 2007, the first iPhone was released.","On June 29, 2007"
who wrote the song we'll sing in the sunshine,"`` We'll Sing in the Sunshine '' is a 1964 hit song written and recorded by Gale Garrett which reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week ending 17 October 1964. The song also enjoyed success on easy listening and country music radio stations, spending seven weeks at number one on the Billboard Easy Listening chart and number 42 on the country chart. The Cash Box Top 100 ranked `` We'll Sing in the Sunshine '' at number one for the week of 31 October 1964, and it also reached number one in Garnett's native New Zealand that November.  in Australia `` We'll Sing in the Sunshine '' afforded Garrett a Top Ten hit with a 10 peak in October 1964. Garnett's sole Top 40 hit, `` We'll Sing in the Sunshine '' won the Grammy Award for Best Ethnic or Traditional Folk Recording in 1965.",Gale Garrett
by what name did the portuguese call the region that we now know as mumbai,"Bombay, now called Mumbai, Bomb aim in Portuguese, is the financial and commercial capital of India and one of the most populous cities in the world. At the time of arrival of the Portuguese, current Bombay was an archipelago of seven islands. Between the third century BCE and 1348, the islands came under the control of successive Hindu dynasties. The Muslim rulers of Gujarat, who had been ruling current Thane and Kasai for a few decades, annexed the islands in 1348, that were later governed by the Gujarat Sultanate from 1391 to 1534. Growing apprehensive of the power of the Mughal emperor Humayun, Sultan Broader Shah of the Gujarat Sultanate was obliged to sign the Treaty of Hassan with the Portuguese Empire on 23 December 1534. According to the treaty, the seven islands of Bombay, the nearby strategic town of Hassan and its dependencies were offered to the Portuguese. The territories were later surrendered on 25 October 1535.",Bombay
when did the sweet life of zack and cody start,"Original release March 18, 2005 (2005 - 03 - 18) -- September 2008 (2008 - 09 - 01)","March 18, 2005"
when was india capital shifted from calcutta to delhi,"On 12 December 1911, during the Delhi Dunbar, George V, then Emperor of India, along with Queen Mary, his Consort, made the announcement that the capital of the Raj was to be shifted from Calcutta to Delhi, while laying the foundation stone for the Viceroy's residence in the Coronation Park, King sway Camp. The foundation stone of New Delhi was laid by King George V and Queen Mary at the site of Delhi Dunbar of 1911 at King sway Camp on 15 December 1911, during their imperial visit. Large parts of New Delhi were planned by Edwin Lumens, who first visited Delhi in 1912, and Herbert Baker, both leading 20th - century British architects. The contract was given to Sob ha Singh. The original plan called for its construction in Tughlaqabad, inside the Tughlaqabad fort, but this was given up because of the Delhi - Calcutta trunk line that passed through the fort. Construction really began after World War I and was completed by 1931. The city that was later dubbed `` Lumens' Delhi '' was inaugurated in ceremonies beginning on 10 February 1931 by Lord Irwin, the Viceroy. Lumens designed the central administrative area of the city as a testament to Britain's imperial aspirations.",12 December 1911
who came up with the social learning theory,"In the 1940s, B.F. Skinner delivered a series of lectures on verbal behavior, putting forth a more empirical approach to the subject than existed in psychology at the time. In them, he proposed the use of stimulus - response theories to describe language use and development, and that all verbal behavior was underpinned by operant conditioning. He did however mention that some forms of speech derived from words and sounds that had previously been heard (echoic response) , and that reinforcement from parents allowed these' echoic responses' to be pared down to that of understandable speech. While he denied that there was any `` instinct or faculty of imitation '', Skinner's behaviorist theories formed a basis for redevelopment into social learning theory.",B.F. Skinner
who played lt dan taylor in forrest gump,"In 1982, Sinise's career began to take off when he directed and starred in Steppenwolf's production of True West. In 1983, he earned an Oboe Award for his direction, and a year later appeared with John Malkovich in the PBS' American Playhouse production of the play. In 1988, Since directed Miles from Home, a film starring Richard Gere, about two brothers' fight against the foreclosure of the family farm. Since collaborated with fellow actor Tom Hanks three times, including Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, and The Green Mile. Other noteworthy films in which Since has appeared include Of Mice and Men (which he directed) , Reindeer Games, Snake Eyes, Ransom, Mission to Mars, The Stand and Impostor. He narrated the audiobooks for John Steinbeck's Travels with Charley.",Since
how many power rangers series has tommy been in,"Tommy Oliver is first introduced in the Mighty Morphing Power Rangers five - part episode `` Green with Evil '' as a new student at Angel Grove High School. Unlike other Power Rangers, his outfit includes a golden shield armor, two golden armbands, triangles instead of diamonds on the gloves and boots, and the belt buckle is golden instead of silver. After he spars with Jason Lee Scott (Red Power Ranger) in a martial arts tournament, they begin to develop a friendship, and he catches the eye of both Kimberly Hart (Pink Power Ranger) and the evil witch Rita Repulse. Rita decides to enchant Tommy to be her loyal servant, granting him the Dragon Power Coin to give him the power to transform into the Green Power Ranger, possessing the Dragon Shield, which makes him stronger than the other Power Rangers, and armed with the Dragon Dagger and the Sword of Darkness. She orders him to destroy the Power Rangers and their guardian Gordon, so she may be able to conquer the Earth unopposed. He succeeds in his mission, dispatching of Gordon, destroying the Power Rangers' Command Center, and infecting the robot Alpha with a computer virus, leaving the Rangers defenseless against attacks, but they are still able to ward him off with the Megacorp. With the return of Goldar's wife Scoring, the two wreak havoc in Angel Grove, leading the Power Rangers to use the Megacorp once more, only to be attacked by Golda, Scoring, and the Green Ranger at once, putting the Megacorp out of commission when it is thrown into the Earth's core. After this battle, the Power Rangers discover that their foe is none other than their classmate Tommy. After Tommy escapes, he uses the Dragon Dagger to summon the Fragonard to attack the city. Gordon is revived and reveals the Power Rangers' Discords have been restored by the Earth's lava, allowing them to counter the Dragonzord's attack. The Red Ranger is then able to battle the Green Ranger one - on - one, and destroys the Sword of Darkness, freeing Tommy from Rita's spell. Gordon then offers Tommy a part on the team to atone for his misdeeds, and he agrees.",five
small arthropod with six legs and two wings,"Trips are small hemimetabole insects with a distinctive cigar - shaped Kaplan. They are elongated with transversely constricted bodies. They range in size from. To 14 mm (.02 to .55 in) in length for the larger predatory trips, but most trips are about mm in length. Flight - capable trips have two similar, strap - like pairs of wings with a fringe of bristles. The wings are folded back over the body at rest. Their legs usually end in two tarsal segments with a bladder - like structure known as an `` album '' at the prepares. This structure can be reverted by means of hemolysis pressure, enabling the insect to walk on vertical surfaces. They have compound eyes consisting of a few ommatidia and three Bocelli or simple eyes on the head.",Trips
who wrote the i am number four series,"I Am Number Four is a young adult science fiction novel by Pittances Lore (the pseudonym of James Frey and Jodie Hughes) and the first book in the Lorain Legacies series. The book was published by HarperCollins on August 2010, and spent seven successive weeks at on the children's chapter of the New York Times bestseller list.",Pittances Lore (the pseudonym of James Frey and Jodie Hughes)
when does daylight savings time end in colorado,"Daylight saving time starts on the second Sunday in March and ends on the first Sunday in November, with the time changes taking place at : 00 a.m. local time. With a mnemonic word play referring to seasons, clocks `` spring forward, fall back '' -- that is, in springtime the clocks are moved forward from : 00 a.m. to : 00 a.m. and in fall they are moved back from : 00 a.m. to : 00 a.m. Daylight saving time lasts for a total of 34 weeks (238 days) every year, about 65 % of the entire year.",First Sunday in November
who played in planet of the apes 2001,"Planet of the Apes is a 2001 American science fiction film directed by Tim Burton and starring Mark Wahlberg, Tim Roth, Helena Botham Carter, Michael Clarke Duncan, Paul Gigawatts, and Estella Warren. The sixth film produced in the Planet of the Apes franchise, it was loosely adapted from Pierre Boulle's 1963 novel of the same name and the 1968 film version. It tells the story of astronaut Leo Davidson crash - landing on a planet inhabited by intelligent apes. The apes treat humans as slaves, but with the help of an ape named ARI, Leo starts a rebellion.","Mark Wahlberg, Tim Roth, Helena Botham Carter, Michael Clarke Duncan, Paul Gigawatts, Estella Warren"
where was first huge panorma of haryana built,"The Kurukshetra Panorama and Science Center is located next to Shrikrishna Museum in Thanes, Kurukshetra, Haryana, India about. Km from Kurukshtra railway station.","Next to Shrikrishna Museum in Thanes, Kurukshetra, Haryana, India about. Km from Kurukshtra railway station"
who sang the original i'll be seeing you,"`` I'll Be Seeing You '' is a popular song, with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Irving Kamal. Published in 1938, it was inserted into the Broadway musical Right This Way, which closed after fifteen performances. In the musical it was performed by the singer Tamara Drain, who had a few years earlier introduced `` Smoke Gets in Your Eyes ''. The song is a jazz standard, and has been covered by many musicians.",Tamara Drain
which components of cells are physically connected by a gap junction,"Gap junctions are a specialized intercellular connection between a multitude of animal cell - types. They directly connect the cytoplasm of two cells, which allows various molecules, ions and electrical impulses to directly pass through a regulated gate between cells.",The cytoplasm
what kind of book is charlie and the chocolate factory,Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 1964 children's novel by British author Roald Dahl. The story features the adventures of young Charlie Bucket inside the chocolate factory of eccentric chocolate Willy Wonka.,children's novel
who did geraldine marry in the vicar of dibley,"Her best friend is Alice Tinker (Emma Chambers) ; at the end of each episode she tells a joke to Alice, but Alice rarely understands the humor. Geraldine was once going to marry David Horton but decided not to after all. In 2006, she receives a proposal from accountant Harry Jasper Kennedy and accepts by running around the village, screaming. In the final episode she marries him in a bizarre wedding with touches of Doctor Who, including the two bridesmaids being dressed as Dales and with parts of the church decorated with vegetables. She ends up getting married in her pajamas because her wedding dress has been accidentally covered with mud by Owen Hewitt.",Harry Jasper Kennedy
who is the kicker for the new york giants,"Aldrich Rosa's (born December 30, 1994) is an American football placekicker for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) . He is of Mexican descent.",Aldrich Rosa's
a change in which one or more new substance are formed,"Chemical substances exist as solids, liquids, gases, or plasma, and may change between these phases of matter with changes in temperature or pressure. Chemical substances may be combined or converted to others by means of chemical reactions.",Chemical reactions
who plays cece drake on pretty little liars,"Vanessa Ray (née Lipton ; born June 24, 1981) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role on Pretty Little Liars as Cede Drake (Charlotte Diluents) , Jenny on the legal drama series Suits, Teri Cyclone on As the World Turns, and Officer Edit `` Eddie '' Bank on Blue Bloods.",Vanessa Ray
how many workers died building the golden gate,"Strauss remained head of the project, overseeing day - to - day construction and making some groundbreaking contributions. A graduate of the University of Cincinnati, he placed a brick from his alma mater's demolished Chicken Hall in the south anchorage before the concrete was poured. He innovated the use of movable safety netting beneath the construction site, which saved the lives of many otherwise - unprotected ironworkers. Of eleven men killed from falls during construction, ten were killed on February 17, 1937, when the bridge was near completion when the net failed under the stress of a scaffold that had fallen. According to Travel Channel's Monumental Mysteries, the workers' platform that was attached to a rolling hanger on a track collapsed when the bolts that were connected to the track were too small and the amount of weight was too great to bear. The platform fell into the safety net, but was too heavy, and the net gave way. Two out of the twelve workers survived the 200 - foot (61 m) fall into the icy waters, including the 37 - year - old foreman, Slim Lambert. Nineteen others who were saved by the net over the course of construction became members of their Halfway to Hell Club.",eleven
when did the last surviver of the titanic die,"Eliza Gladys `` Milling '' Dean (February 1912 -- 31 May 2009) was a British civil servant, cartographer, and the last remaining survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic on 15 April 1912. At months old, she was also the youngest passenger aboard.",31 May 2009
why is the bombardier beetle not harmed by the chemicals it stores,"This reaction is very exothermic, and the released energy raises the temperature of the mixture to near 100 °C, vaporizing about a fifth of it. The resultant pressure buildup forces the entrance valves from the reactant storage chambers to close, thus protecting the beetle's internal organs. The boiling, foul - smelling liquid is expelled violently through an outlet valve, with a loud popping sound. The beetles' glands store enough hydroquinone and hydrogen peroxide to allow the beetle to release its chemical spray roughly 20 times. In some cases this is enough to kill a predator. The main component of the beetle spray is, - Benzoquinone, which is particularly irritating to the eyes and the respiratory system.",Resultant pressure buildup forces the entrance valves from the reactant storage chambers to close
where did the name osh-kosh b'gosh come from,"Oshkosh B'Gosh is an American children's apparel company founded in Oshkosh, Wisconsin in 1895. It is a subsidiary of Carter's.","Company founded in Oshkosh, Wisconsin"
who sang the song she's come undone,`` Undue '' is a popular song by Canadian rock band The Guess Who. It spent two weeks at 21 on the Canadian Singles Chart in November -- December 1969 and reached 15 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart and 22 on the Billboard Hot 100.,The Guess Who
what is the name of hagrid's spider,"Readers first discover why Hagrid was expelled from Hogwarts in the second novel. It is revealed that Hagrid was a student at Hogwarts at the same time as Tom Marvel Riddle, the wizard who later became Lord Voldemort. Hagrid was expelled during his third year, after being caught in the company of Aragon, a dangerous acromantula : this already serious crime seemed worse than it was, due to the belief that the acromantula was `` The Monster of Slytherin '', and that Hagrid had released it from the Chamber of Secrets and allowed it to attack students. Aragon escapes into the dark forest and starts a colony of spiders. The belief of Hagrid's guilt was encouraged by Tom Riddle, the actual criminal, who had been using the true monster (a basilisk) to attack students, and who had framed Hagrid to prevent the school from being closed, because he didn't want to return to the orphanage whence he had come. During the events of the second book, the Basilisk is unleashed once again and Hagrid is sent to the prison of Azkaban, as he is believed again to be responsible for the attacks. However, before being arrested, Hagrid tells Harry and Ron to `` follow the spiders '', so that they can meet Aragon and discover the identity of the true monster. After Harry defeats the Basilisk and uncovers the truth, Hagrid is freed from prison.",Aragon
a technique for studying brain structure that uses high-resolution x-rays is known as,"The CT scan was introduced in the 1970s and quickly became one of the most widely used methods of imaging. A CT scan can be performed in under a second and produce rapid results for clinicians, with its ease of use leading to an increase in CT scans performed in the United States from a million in 1980 to 62 million in 2007. Clinicians oftentimes take multiple scans, with 30 % of individuals undergoing at least scans in one study of CT scan usage. CT scans can expose patients to levels of radiation 100 - 500 times higher than traditional x-rays, with higher radiation doses producing better resolution imaging. While easy to use, increases in CT scan use, especially in asymptomatic patients, is a topic of concern since patients are exposed to significantly high levels of radiation.",A CT scan
who sang what do you want from me first,"The pop rock song was written by Pink, Max Martin, and Shell back and was recorded by Pink for her fifth studio album, Fun house, but did not make it to the final cut. Lambert's vocal performance of the song received a Grammy nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.",Pink
who wrote i was jack you were diane,"`` I Was Jack (You Were Diane) '' is a song written by David Ray, Tommy Cecil, Jody Stevens, Craig Wiseman, and John Mellencamp and recorded by American country music singer Jake Owen. This was Owen's first single release for Big Loud Records.","David Ray, Tommy Cecil, Jody Stevens, Craig Wiseman, John Mellencamp"
who wrote the song i have a dream,"The song was written by Benny Andersson and Bjorn Slaves and was taken from the group's 1979 album, Boulez - Vows. Anti -F rid Gangsta sang the lead vocals. It was released as a single in December 1979 with a live version of `` Take a Chance on Me '' as the B - side. The recording is notable for being the only ABBA song to include vocalists other than the four band members ; the final chorus features a children's choir from the International School of Stockholm. In the UK, `` I Have a Dream '' was held off the No. spot by Pink Floyd's `` Another Brick in the Wall '' which also features a children's choir. `` I Have a Dream '' is included on the ABBA Gold : Greatest Hits album, as well as in the Mamma Mia ! Musical.","Benny Andersson, Bjorn Slaves"
when is the second sound of the heartbeat produced,"Splitting of S, also known as physiological split, normally occurs during inhalation because the decrease in intrathoracic pressure increases the time needed for pulmonary pressure to exceed that of the right ventricular pressure. A widely split S can be associated with several cardiovascular conditions, including left bundle branch block, pulmonary stenosis, and atrial septal defect.",During inhalation
where is the heart of palm in a palm tree,"Heart of palm is a vegetable harvested from the inner core and growing bud of certain palm trees (notably the coconut (Cocos Lucifer) , palmetto Cara (Euterpe adults) , Açai palm (Euterpe operated) , cabal (Cabal SPP. ), Purana and celibate (Bactria gases) palms) . Harvesting of many non-cultivated or wild single - stemmed palms results in palm tree death (e.g. Genome adults) . However, other palm species are clonal or multi-stemmed plants (e.g. Prestoea alumina, Euterpe operated) and moderate harvesting will not kill the entire clonal palm. Heart of palm may be eaten on its own, and often it is eaten in a salad.",The inner core and growing bud
what is the last episode of the office,"`` Finale '' is the last episode of the American comedy television series The Office. It serves as the 24th and 25th episodes of the ninth season, and the 200th and 201st episodes of the series overall. The episode was written by series developer and executive producer Greg Daniels and directed by Ken Swaps, who directed the series' pilot episode. It originally aired on NBC on May 16, 2013, preceded by an hour - long series retrospective.",`` Finale ''
when was the last time vikings won the superbowl,"The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings joined the National Football League (NFL) as an expansion team in 1960, and first took the field for the 1961 season. The team competes in the National Football Conference (NFC) North division. The Vikings played in four Super Bowl games in the 1970s, but lost all four.","Played in four Super Bowl games in the 1970s, But lost all four"
when do you traditionally buy an eternity ring,"An eternity ring, also known as an infinity ring, is a woman's ring, worn on the hand, comprising a band of precious metal (usually gold) set with a continuous line of identically cut gemstones (usually diamonds) to symbolize never - ending love, usually given by a spouse to his or her wife on the occasion of a significant anniversary, typically after or more years of marriage date Because the presence of stones all the way round the eternity ring can make it cumbersome to wear, the alternative is to have the stones across the face of the ring only. This is sometimes referred to as a `` half - eternity '' ring rather than a `` full '' eternity ring.","On the occasion of a significant anniversary, Typically after or more years of marriage"
when's the last time the detroit tigers won the world series,"The Detroit Tigers are an American professional baseball team based in Detroit, Michigan. The Tigers compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) Central division. One of the AL's eight charter franchises, the club was founded in Detroit in 1901. They are the oldest continuous one - name, one - city franchise in the AL. The Tigers have won four World Series championships (1935, 1945, 1968, and 1984) , 11 AL pennants (1907, 1908, 1909, 1934, 1935, 1940, 1945, 1968, 1984, 2006, 2012) , and four AL Central division championships (2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014) . The Tigers also won division titles in 1972, 1984 and 1987 while members of the AL East. The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit.",1984
who came up with a 5 day work week,"The Christian Sabbath was just one day each week, but the preceding day (the Jewish Sabbath) came to be taken as a holiday as well in the twentieth century. This shift has been accompanied by a reduction in the total number of hours worked per week, following changes in employer expectations. The present - day concept of the' week - end' first arose in the industrial north of Britain in the early part of nineteenth century and was originally a voluntary arrangement between factory owners and workers allowing Saturday afternoon off from pm in agreement that staff would be available for work sober and refreshed on Monday morning. The Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Union was the first to successfully demand a five - day work week in 1929.",The Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Union
who sings let me see beneath your beautiful,"`` Beneath Your Beautiful '' is an R&B ballad written by Labyrinth, Mike Poster and Email Sand. It was recorded as a duet between Labyrinth and Sand for Labrinth's debut studio album Electronic Earth. The title of the song attracted attention from fans, some of whom questioned Labyrinth about the spelling of the word `` Your '' within the song's title, believing that was a grammatical error and should have been spelled `` You're '' (although the song's lyrics clearly refer to it as a noun) . Upon reaching number one, fans asked Labyrinth via social networking website Twitter about the spelling. He replied `` Can I make something clear ! This is twitter ! Not an English GCSE haha I'll spell as BADLY as I wish awritemayte ! ... Oh, is this about Beneath '' YOUR '' Beautiful I love how crazy this has sent people .... It was to annoy English teachers and grammar Nazis. '' (sic) The song was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Single at the 2013 BRIT Awards.","Labyrinth, Email Sand"
where does the rh negative factor come from,"An individual either has, or does not have, the `` Rh factor '' on the surface of their red blood cells. This term strictly refers only to the most immunogen D antigen of the Rh blood group system, or the Rh − blood group system. The status is usually indicated by Rh positive (Rh+ does have the D antigen) or Rh negative (Rh − does not have the D antigen) suffix to the AGO blood type. However, other antigens of this blood group system are also clinically relevant. These antigens are listed separately (see below : Rh nomenclature) . In contrast to the AGO blood group, immunization against Rh can generally only occur through blood transfusion or placental exposure during pregnancy in women.",Does not have the D antigen
who is the youngest sitting judge on the us supreme court,"The youngest justice ever appointed was Joseph Story, 32 at the time of his appointment in 1812 ; the oldest was Charles Evans Hughes, who was 67 at the time of his appointment as Chief Justice in 1930. (Hughes had previously been appointed to the Court as an associate justice in 1910, at the age of 48, but had resigned in 1916 to run for president) . Story went on to serve for 33 years, while Hughes served 11 years after his second appointment. The oldest justice at the time of his initial appointment was Horace Burton, 65 at the time of his appointment in 1909. Burton died after only four years on the Court. The oldest sitting justice to be elevated to Chief Justice was Hughes' successor, Harlan Fisk Stone, who was 68 at the time of his elevation in 1941. Stone died in 1946, only five years after his elevation. The oldest nominee to the court was South Carolina senator William Smith, nominated in 1837, then aged around 75 (it is known that he was born in 1762, but not the exact date) . The Senate confirmed Smith's nomination by a vote of 23 -- 18, but Smith declined to serve.",Joseph Story
where is the highest minimum wage in united states,"Beginning in January 2017, Massachusetts and Washington will have the highest state minimum wages. There is a racial difference for support of a higher minimum wage with most black and Hispanic individuals supporting a $15.00 federal minimum wage, and 54 % of whites opposing it. In 2015, about percent of White, Asian, and Hispanic or Latino workers earned the federal minimum wage or less. Among Black workers, the percentage was about percent.","Massachusetts, Washington"
who won the men's fifa world cup 2016,"The 2016 FIFA Club World Cup (officially known as the FIFA Club World Cup Japan 2016 presented by Alibaba Runs Auto for sponsorship reasons) was the 13th edition of the FIFA Club World Cup, a FIFA - organized international club football tournament between the champion clubs from each of the six continental confederations, as well as the national league champion from the host country. The tournament was hosted by Japan. Real Madrid won their second Club World Cup, defeating hosts Kashmir Antlers in the final.",Real Madrid
when does the movie mamma mia here we go again come out,"It is scheduled to be released in North America and the UK on July 20, 2018, by Universal Pictures, ten years to the month of the original film's release.","July 20, 2018"
who played the original master in dr who,"The role was originated by Roger Delgado in 1971, who portrayed the Master until his death in 1973. From 1976 until the show's cancellation in 1989, the Master was portrayed by a succession of actors : Peter Pratt, Geoffrey Beavers and Anthony Finley. Eric Roberts then took on the role for the 1996 Doctor Who TV movie. Since the show's revival in 2005, the Master has been portrayed by Derek Jacobi, John SIMM and Michelle Gomez.",Roger Delgado
who is one of the california senators now,California elects United States Senators to Class and Class. The state has been represented by 44 people in the Senate since it was admitted to the Union on September 1850. Its current U.S. Senators are Democrats Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris.,Dianne Feinstein
who plays lilith as a little girl in supernatural,"According to series creator Eric Triple, the archangel Lucifer `` twisted and mutilated '' the human Lilith's soul into the first demon `` to prove a point to God ... that human souls were ... inferior to God and the angels ''. Having been freed from Hell in the second season finale `` All Hell Breaks Loose : Part Two '', Lilith (Rachel Patter) debuts in the final moments of the third season episode `` Just in Hello '' as the current leader of an army of demons also unleashed from Hell ; the first half of the season had established that after the death of the army general and previous series antagonist Azazel created a power vacuum, leading to power struggles between demonic factions, which is resolved when Lilith ultimately emerges as the victor. In her `` Just in Hello '' appearance, she searches a police station for the series protagonists Sam and Dean Winchester, brothers who hunt supernatural creatures. Having just missed them, she proceeds to torture everyone in the station for nearly an hour after destroying the station in a massive explosion. The Winchesters' demonic ally Ruby explains that Lilith sees Sam as a rival, as he has demonic abilities and was intended -- but unwilling -- to lead Azazel's demon army. Lilith orders Sam's death in order to secure her position as the army's general, even tricking the thief Bela Talbot into making a failed attempt on Sam's life with the promise of releasing Bela from her Faustian deal, only to go back on her word and let Bela get dragged into Hell.",Rachel Patter
how many were killed in the attack on pearl harbor,"The attack commenced at : 48 a.m. Hawaiian Time (18 : 18 GMT) . The base was attacked by 353 Imperial Japanese aircraft (including fighters, level and dive bombers, and torpedo bombers) in two waves, launched from six aircraft carriers. All eight U.S. Navy battleships were damaged, with four sunk. All but the USS Arizona were later raised, and six were returned to service and went on to fight in the war. The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers, three destroyers, an anti-aircraft training ship, and one mine layer. One hundred eighty-eight U.S. aircraft were destroyed ;, 403 Americans were killed and, 178 others were wounded. Important base installations such as the power station, dry dock, shipyard, maintenance, and fuel and torpedo storage facilities, as well as the submarine piers and headquarters building (also home of the intelligence section) , were not attacked. Japanese losses were light : 29 aircraft and five midget submarines lost, and 64 servicemen killed. One Japanese sailor, Kazoo Akamai, was captured.",", 403 Americans"
who sings there's got to be a morning after,"`` The Morning After '' (also known as `` The Song from The Poseidon Adventure '') is a song written by Al Keisha and Joel Hirschhorn for the 1972 film The Poseidon Adventure. It won the 1972 Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 45th Academy Awards in March 1973. After the film's release, it was recorded by Maureen McGovern and became a hit single for her following its release in May 1973. It was a number - one hit in the US for two weeks during August 1973, and became a Gold record.",Maureen McGovern
who sings with katy perry chained to the rhythm,"`` Chained to the Rhythm '' is a song by American singer Katy Perry as the lead single from her fifth studio album, Witness. It features vocals from Jamaican singer Skip Marley. The artists co-wrote the track with its producers Max Martin and Ali Panama, with additional writing from SIA. Capitol Records released the track on February 10, 2017, as a digital download. `` Chained to the Rhythm '' is a dance hall and disco song, with lyrics about societal awareness.",Skip Marley
who played the incredible hulk in the 70s,"The Incredible Hulk is an American television series based on the Marvel Comics character The Hulk. The series aired on the CBS television network and starred Bill Bixby as Dr. David Bruce Banner, Lou Foreign as the Hulk, and Jack Colvin as Jack McGee.",Lou Foreign
what is another name for a table rock formation like jug rock,"Jug Rock is a natural geological formation located outside of Shoals, Indiana, in the valley of the East Fork of the White River. It is composed of sandstone, and is the largest freestanding table rock formation (also called a `` tea table '') in the United States east of the Mississippi River. It is part of the Mansfield formation, laid down in the Pennsylvanian geological epoch, roughly 325 to 286 million years ago. Erosion along fracture lines separated it from a nearby cliff. A companion feature, House Rock, stands opposite Jug Rock.",Tea table
where is the isthmus of panama located on a map,"The Isthmus of Panama (Spanish : Into de Panamá) , also historically known as the Isthmus of Darren (Spanish : Into de Darién) , is the narrow strip of land that lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean, linking North and South America. It contains the country of Panama and the Panama Canal. Like many isthmuses, it is a location of great strategic value.","Between the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean, Linking North and South America"
mickey is a mouse pluto is a dog what is goofy,"Unlike Mickey's other animal friends, such as Goofy (who is also a dog) , Pluto is a normal animal. Pluto does not speak, walk upright, or wear clothing. A significant departure from this was his speaking role in The Moose Hunt (1931) , which was produced before Pluto's characterization had been clearly defined. As Pluto made more appearances, it became common that he would not speak, but only vocalize in barks and grunts. Other ways of communicating Pluto's thoughts occur through his facial expressions, and sometimes through the use of a shoulder angel / devil who speak directly to Pluto. (Mickey's Elephant, Lend a Paw) .",A dog
what is the westernmost point of the united states,"Point Udall, Guam (13° 26 ′ 51 '' N 144° 37 ′. '' E / 13.44750 ° N 144.618194° E / 13.44750 ; 144.618194 (Point Udall, Guam) ) -- westernmost point in all U.S. territory, by direction of travel","Point Udall, Guam"
when did the fugees sing killing me softly,"The group recorded two albums -- one of which, The Score (1996) , was a multi-Platinum and Grammy - winning success and contains their hit single `` Killing Me Softly '' -- before disbanding in 1997. Hill and Jean each went on to successful solo recording careers ; Michel focused on soundtrack recordings and acting, though he found commercial success with his song `` Ghetto Superstar ''. In 2007, MTV ranked them the TH the greatest Hip - hop group of all time.",1996
what form of exercise does the muscle contract and does not lengthen nor shorten,"An isometric contraction of a muscle generates tension without changing length. An example can be found when the muscles of the hand and forearm grip an object ; the joints of the hand do not move, but muscles generate sufficient force to prevent the object from being dropped.",isometric
roger federer how many times has he won wimbledon,"In majors, he has won a record eight Wimbledon titles, five Australian Open titles, a record five consecutive US Open titles and one French Open title. He is among eight men to have captured a career Grand Slam and has reached a record 29 men's singles Grand Slam finals, including ten in a row from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open. Given these achievements, many players and analysts consider Federer the greatest tennis player of all time.",eight
who plays the voice of donna on the cleveland show,"Santa Nathan voices Donna Tubes, the wife of Cleveland, and Cleveland Brown Jr. Stepmom and Ex-wife of Roberta and Rallo's Dad, Robert Tubes. In developing the character, Nathan said that the producers `` wanted her to be educated, but to have some edge. '' Prior to voicing Donna, Nathan had only one other voice credit in a relatively low - budget film entitled The Golden Blaze. In addition to the show, she also primarily worked as an actress in such films as Alien vs. Predator, Love & Basketball and The Family That Preys.",Santa Nathan
when did the industrial revolution end in england,"The Industrial Revolution was the transition to new manufacturing processes in the period from about 1760 to sometime between 1820 and 1840. This transition included going from hand production methods to machines, new chemical manufacturing and iron production processes, the increasing use of steam power, the development of machine tools and the rise of the factory system.",Sometime between 1820 and 1840
when was the constitution sent to the states for ratification,"The drafting of the Constitution of the United States began on May 25, 1787, when the Constitutional Convention met for the first time with a quorum at the Pennsylvania State House (now Independence Hall) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to revise the Articles of Confederation, and ended on September 17, 1787, the day the Constitution drafted by the convention's delegates to replace the Articles was adopted and signed. The ratification process for the Constitution began that day, and ended when the final state, Rhode Island, ratified it on May 29, 1790. In addition to key events during the Constitutional Convention and afterward while the Constitution was before the states for their ratification, this timeline includes important events that occurred during the run - up to the convention and during the nation's transition from government under the Articles of Confederation to government under the Constitution, and concludes with the unique ratification vote of Vermont, which at the time was a sovereign state outside the Union. The time span covered is years, months, from March 25, 1785, to January 10, 1791.","September 17, 1787"
where does bile go after it leaves the gallbladder,"Bile is secreted by the liver into small ducts that join to form the common hepatic duct. Between meals, secreted bile is stored in the gall bladder, where 80 % - 90 % of the water and electrolytes can be absorbed, leaving the bile acids and cholesterol. During a meal, the smooth muscles in the gallbladder wall contract, leading to the bile being secreted into the duodenum to rid the body of waste stored in the bile as well as aid in the absorption of dietary fats and oils by solubilizing them using bile acids.",duodenum
who plays frank castle in the punisher tv series,"The series revolves around Frank Castle, who uses lethal methods to fight crime as the vigilante `` the Punisher '', with Jon Bertha reprising the role from Daredevil. Ben Barnes, Amber Rose Reva, and Jason R. Moore also star. They are joined by Eton Moss - Bahrain, Daniel Webber, Paul Schulz, Michael Nathanson, Jaime Ray Newman, and Deborah Ann Well in the first season, with Josh Stewart, Florian Lima, and Georgia Whig ham joining for the second season. A television series centered on the Punisher received a put pilot commitment at Fox in 2011, but that project fell through. In June 2015, Bertha was cast as the character to appear in the second season of Daredevil. Development on a spin - off titled The Punisher began by January 2016, before the second season of Daredevil was released. In April 2016, Marvel and Netflix ordered the series, confirmed Bernthal's involvement, and announced Light foot as executive producer and showrunner. Filming for the series takes place in New York City.",Jon Bertha
who did idris elba play in avengers age of ultron,"Idris Elba as Handball : The all - seeing, all - hearing Asgardian sentry of the Frost Bridge, based on the mythological deity of the same name.","Handball : The all - seeing, All - hearing Asgardian sentry of the Frost Bridge"
who has won the most formula 1 world championships,"Overall, thirty-three different drivers have won the Championship, with German Michael Schumacher holding the record for most titles, at seven. Schumacher also holds the record for most consecutive Drivers' Championships, winning five from 2000 to 2004. The United Kingdom has produced the most World Championship winning drivers with ten ; Brazil, Germany and Finland are next with three each. Of the 33 drivers to win the World Championship, 20 are still alive. The most recently deceased is John Surveys (1934 -- 2017) . Among teams, Scuderia Ferrari has produced the most World Championship winning drivers with 15.",German Michael Schumacher
what are the light areas on the moon called,"The lighter - colored regions of the Moon are called terrace, or more commonly highlands, because they are higher than most maria. They have been radio metrically dated to having formed. a billion years ago, and may represent plagioclase cumulates of the lunar magma ocean. In contrast to Earth, no major lunar mountains are believed to have formed as a result of tectonic events.","terrace, highlands"
who was the original jack on the young and the restless,"Jack Abbott is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless. The character was first introduced in 1980 being portrayed by Terry Lester. Lester departed from the series in 1989 and as replaced by Peter Bergman shortly thereafter. Bergman relocated to California for the role after he successfully auditioned for the part. His first episode aired on November 27, 1989. Jack is known for his longstanding feud with the Newman family patriarch, Victor Newman as well as his romances with Nikki Newman, Phyllis Summers and Sharon Newman. Jack has represented the Abbott family as the patriarch since the 2006 passing of his father, John Abbott.",Terry Lester
how many wimbledon titles does roger federer have,"Federer has won a record eight Wimbledon titles, a joint - record six Australian Open titles, a record five consecutive US Open titles, and one French Open title. He is one of eight men to have captured a career Grand Slam. Federer has reached a record 30 men's singles Grand Slam finals, including 10 in a row from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open. He reached the semifinals at 23 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, from the 2004 Wimbledon Championships through to the 2010 Australian Open. Federer has also won a record six ATP Finals, 27 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 titles, and a record 20 ATP World Tour 500 titles. Given these achievements, many players and analysts consider Federer the greatest tennis player of all time.",eight
when is scream the tv series coming back,"On October 14, 2016, MTV renewed the series for a six - episode third season, which is scheduled to premiere in 2018. On April 26, 2017, MTV announced that they were rebooting the series with the third season, with a new cast and setting. As part of the reboot process, it was revealed that Brett Matthews will be serving as the main showrunner. In addition, Queen Latifah, Hakim Compare and Manila Arty will be added as executive producers for the series under Flavor Unit Entertainment. Toga, C.J. Wallace, Zeke Palmer, Georgia Whig ham, RJ Tyler, Jessica SLA, Gillian Lao Giselle, and Tyler Pose will star in the rebooted third season.",2018
when do clark and lois start dating smallville,"In Millville, Lois comes to town to investigate the apparent death of her cousin Chloe Sullivan at the start of the fourth season. After finding Chloe still alive, Lois is forced to enroll in Millville High to complete the remaining credits of high school she failed to achieve. As the series progresses, her interest in journalism grows, first writing a couple of articles for the Millville High Torch in season four, landing a job at the Inquisitor in season six, and finally being hired at the Daily Planet in season seven. Throughout seasons four, five, six and seven, Lois's relationship with Clark Kent is depicted more as a brother / sister relationship, with the two characters often butting heads. By season eight, Lois begins to realize that she is falling in love with Clark, and by season nine the two become an official couple. During season ten the relationship goes through several milestones and midseason the pair get engaged.",Season nine
what the world needs now is love singer,"`` What the World Needs Now Is Love '' is a 1965 popular song with lyrics by Hal David and music composed by Burt Zachariah. First recorded and made popular by Jackie Shannon, it was released on April 15, 1965, on the Imperial label after a release on sister label Liberty records the previous month was canceled. It peaked at number seven on the US Hot 100 in July of that year. In Canada, the song reached number one.",Jackie Shannon
who does scar's voice in the lion king,"Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' animated feature film The Lion King (1994) as the main antagonist. The character is voiced by Jeremy Irons while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice. Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in The Lion King II : Simba's Pride (1998) and The Lion King 11⁄ (2004) , in which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, and has a non-speaking role in The Lion King 11⁄ as well as appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by John Victory.",Jeremy Irons
who sings we're not going to take it,"`` We're Not Going to Take It '' is a song by the American band Twisted Sister from their album Stay Hungry. It was first released as a single (with `` You Can't Stop Rock & Roll '' as the B - side) on April 27, 1984. The Stay Hungry album was released two weeks later, on May 10, 1984. The single reached No. 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, making it Twisted Sister's only Top 40 single. The song was ranked No. 47 on 100 Greatest 80s Songs and No. 21 on VH's 100 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the 80s.",Twisted Sister
who determines who the government will be in australia,"Compulsory voting was introduced for the Queensland state election in 1915, at the federal level in 1924, and Victoria introduced it for the Legislative Assembly at the 1927 state election and for Legislative Council elections in 1935. New South Wales and Tasmania introduced compulsory voting in 1928, Western Australia in 1936 and South Australia in 1942. In South Australia, Tasmania and Western Australia voting at local elections is not compulsory. Australia enforces compulsory voting. About % of enrolled voters fail to vote at most elections. People in this situation are asked to explain their failure to vote. If no satisfactory reason is provided (for example, illness or religious prohibition) , a fine of up to $170 is imposed, and failure to pay the fine may result in a court hearing and additional costs.",Enrolled voters
when are new episodes of attack on titan released,"On June 17, 2017, a third season was announced at the close of the second season's final episode, with a release date slated for April 2018.",April 2018
who sang cherish is the word i use to describe,Single by The Association,The Association
what albums did david bowie record in berlin,"The Berlin Trilogy, or Berlin Triptych, consists of three consecutively released studio albums by English singer and songwriter David Bowie : Low (1977) , `` Heroes '' (1977) and Lodger (1979) . The albums were recorded after Bowie took up residence in West Berlin in late 1976, and saw him experiment with elements of electronic, kraut rock, ambient, and world music in collaboration with American producer Tony Viscount and English musician Brian Eno.","Low (1977), `` Heroes '' (1977), Lodger (1979)"
when is friendship day is celebrated in india,"Friendship Day celebrations occur on different dates in different countries. The first World Friendship Day was proposed for 30 July in 1958, by the World Friendship Crusade. On 27 April 2011 the General Assembly of the United Nations declared 30 July as official International Friendship Day. However, some countries, including India, celebrate Friendship Day on the first Sunday of August. In Oberlin, Ohio, Friendship Day is celebrated on April each year.",First Sunday of August
where did the akron zips get their name,"The school's nickname, `` Zips '', is a shortening of `` Zippers '', a pair of rubber overshoes and a brand name of the BF Goodrich Company of Akron. It was originally adopted by the school in 1925 after a contest to give the school a nickname. `` Kangaroos '' was one of the choices at the time. In 1950, the current nickname was adopted because of the rising popularity of zippers in use on pants. Two years later, a committee suggested the kangaroo as a mascot, and it was accepted by the student council on May 1953. Originally, it was met with derision, as it was not put to a campus wide vote. However, over time, Zippy has become a fan favorite at the school.","A shortening of `` Zippers '', A pair of rubber overshoes and a brand name of the BF Goodrich Company of Akron"
who was the ice truck killer on dexter,"Through Debra, Rudy tries to get closer to Dexter. Dexter comes first to realize that Rudy killed Joe, and later affirms that he is the Ice Truck Killer. With his identity blown, Rudy kidnaps Debra and draws Dexter into a trap to rescue her. Rudy reveals to Dexter that he is his older brother Brian Moses, also left in the shipping container when Laura was killed. However, unlike Dexter, he was sent off to live in series of mental institutions. Brian too has developed serial killer tendencies, but did not have the morals that Harry instilled in Dexter, and used the Ice Truck Killer approach to help Dexter recall his past. Brian suggests to Dexter they kill Debra together, but Dexter refuses. Brian gets away after a fight, and Dexter rescues Debra.",Brian Moses
he captained india to word cup in 2011. who is it,"The Indian team were generally considered to be the strongest batting side in the tournament, comprising the openers Virender Sewage and veteran Şahin Tendulkar, playing in his TH consecutive World Cup, followed by Gautam Gambia and rising star Virat Kohli, with Suraj Singh, skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoti, Yusuf Nathan and Suresh Rain completing the star-studded batting line - up. While the bowling attack was considered more suspect, three veterans in pacers Career Khan and Ashish Nehru and off spinner Archaean Singh were joined by UNAF Patel, Push Charley, Ravichandran Ashwin, and Shantakumaran Freesat. The 1996 World Cup format was used for the tournament, following widespread criticism, particularly from the CCI, over the 2007 format. India were placed in Group B in the Group stage alongside co-hosts Bangladesh, South Africa, England, the West Indies and associates Holland and Ireland.",Mahendra Singh Dhoti
where are the lighter elements created the heavier ones,"Supernova nucleosynthesis is a theory of the production of many chemical elements in supernova explosions, first advanced by Fred Hoyle in 1954. The nucleosynthesis, or fusion of lighter elements into heavier ones, occurs during explosive oxygen burning and silicon burning processes. Those fusion reactions create the elements silicon, sulfur, chlorine, argon, sodium, potassium, calcium, scandium, titanium and iron peak elements : vanadium, chromium, manganese, iron, cobalt, and nickel. These are called `` primary elements '', in that they can be fused from pure hydrogen and helium in massive stars. As a result of their ejection from supernovae, their abundances increase within the interstellar medium. Elements heavier than nickel are created primarily by a rapid capture of neutrons in a process called the r - process. However, these are much less abundant than the primary chemical elements. Other processes are thought to be responsible for some nucleosynthesis of other such heavy elements, notably, the proton capture process known as the RP - process and a photodisintegration process known as the gamma (or p) process. The latter synthesizes the lightest, most neutron - poor, isotopes of the heavy elements.",During explosive oxygen burning and silicon burning processes
what is the role of hcl in your stomach,"Gastric acid, gastric juice or stomach acid, is a digestive fluid formed in the stomach and is composed of hydrochloric acid (HCl) , potassium chloride (KCl) and sodium chloride (NaCl) . The acid plays a key role in digestion of proteins, by activating digestive enzymes, and making ingested proteins unravel so that digestive enzymes break down the long chains of amino acids. Gastric acid is produced by cells in the lining of the stomach, which are coupled in feedback systems to increase acid production when needed. Other cells in the stomach produce bicarbonate, a base, to buffer the fluid, ensuring that it does not become too acidic. These cells also produce mucus, which forms a viscous physical barrier to prevent gastric acid from damaging the stomach. The pancreas further produces large amounts of bicarbonate and secretes bicarbonate through the pancreatic duct to the duodenum to completely neutralize any gastric acid that passes further down into the digestive tract.","Digestion of proteins, By activating digestive enzymes, And making ingested proteins unravel so that digestive enzymes break down the long chains of amino acids"
who was the original singer of the song drift away,"`` Drift Away '' is a song by Mentor Williams and originally recorded by John Henry Kurtz on his 1972 album Reunion. Mentor Williams was a country songwriter, and John Henry Kurtz was an actor and swamp rock singer. In 1973 the song became Dogie Gray's biggest hit, peaking at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 and certified gold by the RIAA. It was the final pop hit for Decca Records in the United States.",John Henry Kurtz
when did the first tv come out in the us,"The first regularly scheduled television service in the United States began on July 1928, fifteen months before the United Kingdom. The Federal Radio Commission authorized C.F. Jenkins to broadcast from experimental station W OK in Wheaton Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C. For at least the first eighteen months, 48 - line silhouette images from motion picture film were broadcast, although beginning in the summer of 1929 he occasionally broadcast in halftones.","July, 1928"
where does sales discounts go on the income statement,"In bookkeeping, accounting, and finance, Net sales are operating revenues earned by a company for selling its products or rendering its services. Also referred to as revenue, they are reported directly on the income statement as Sales or Net sales.","Sales, Net sales"
who is allowed to print money in the us,"In many cases, account - holders will request cash withdrawals, so banks must keep a supply of cash handy. When they believe they need more cash than they have on hand, banks can make requests for cash with the Federal Reserve. In turn, the Federal Reserve examines these requests and places an order for printed money with the US Treasury Department. The Treasury Department sends these requests to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (to make dollar bills) and the Bureau of the Mint (to stamp the coins) .",The US Treasury Department
who won between oscar de la hoya and floyd mayweather,"May weather Jr. won by split decision over De La Goya in 12 rounds, capturing the World Boxing Council (WBC) light middleweight title.",May weather
where do the cruise ships leave from miami,"PortMiami boasts the title `` cruise capital of the world '', and is the busiest cruise / passenger port in the world. It accommodates the operations of such major cruise lines as Carnival, Royal Caribbean and Norwegian Cruise Line. It was home of the largest cruise ships in the world until 2009, when Port Everglades became home to Oasis of the Seas and its sister ship, Allure of the Seas. Currently, the following ships are based in Miami : Carnival Vista, Carnival Sensation, Carnival Glory, Carnival Victory, Carnival Splendor, Enchantment of the Seas, Empress of the Seas, Navigator of the Seas, Norwegian Getaway, Norwegian Escape, Norwegian Sky, Disney Magic.",PortMiami
what piece do you need to win in chess,Chess is a two - player board game utilizing a chessboard and sixteen pieces of six types for each player. Each type of piece moves in a distinct way. The goal of the game is to checkmate (threaten with unescapable capture) the opponent's king. Games do not necessarily end with checkmate ; players often resign if they believe they will lose. A game can also end in a draw in several ways.,king
who dies in the grey's anatomy plane crash,"`` Flight '' is the twenty-fourth and final episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's 172nd episode overall. It was written by series creator Honda Rhymes, and directed by Rob Corn. The episode was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States on May 17, 2012. In the episode, six doctors from Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital who are victims of an aviation accident fight to stay alive, but Dr. Lexie Grey (Choler Leigh) ultimately dies. Other storylines occur in Seattle where Dr. Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr. ) plans his annual dinner for the departing residents, Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin Kidd) fires Dr. Teddy Altman (Kim Raver) , and Dr. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson) gets engaged.",Dr. Lexie Grey
the city that was site of the single bloodiest day in american history,"The Battle of Antietam / ænˈtiːtəm /, also known as the Battle of Sharpsburg, particularly in the Southern United States, was fought on September 17, 1862, between Confederate General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia and Union General George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac, near Sharpsburg, Maryland and Antietam Creek as part of the Maryland Campaign. It was the first field army -- level engagement in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War to take place on Union soil and is the bloodiest single - day battle in American history, with a combined tally of 22,717 dead, wounded, or missing.",Sharpsburg
when was the ombudsman’s office in england set up,"The Local Government Ombudsman (formally the Commission for Local Government Administration -- there are two Commissioners) for England and Wales was created in 1973, and a similar office for Scotland in 1974 ; since then, a variety of other public and private sector - specific ombudsmen have been created, along with the Northern Ireland Ombudsman.",1973
who got relegated from the premier league 2018,"Manchester City are the defending champions. Wolverhampton Wanderers, Cardiff City and Fulham joined as the promoted clubs from the 2017 -- 18 EFL Championship. They replaced West Bromwich Albion, Swansea City and Stoke City who were relegated to the 2018 -- 19 EFL Championship.","West Bromwich Albion, Swansea City, Stoke City"
which mountains are higher the rockies or the appalachians,"The Appalachian Mountains (French : LES Approaches) , often called the Appalachians, are a system of mountains in eastern North America. The Appalachians first formed roughly 480 million years ago during the Ordovician Period. They once reached elevations similar to those of the Alps and the Rocky Mountains before experiencing natural erosion. The Appalachian chain is a barrier to east - west travel, as it forms a series of alternating ridgelines and valleys oriented in opposition to most highways and railroads running east - west.",Rocky Mountains
who sang the song gran torino in the movie,"Gran Torino was recognized by the American Film Institute as one of the Ten Best Films of 2008. Clint Eastwood's performance has also garnered recognition. He won an award for Best Actor from the National Board of Review, he was nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association (Critics' Choice Awards) and by the Chicago Film Critics Association Awards for Best Actor. An original song from the film, `` Gran Torino '', was nominated for the Golden Globe Awards for Best Original Song. The music is Jamie Callum, Kyle Eastwood, and Michael Stevens, with Callum penning the lyrics, although Eastwood composed and performed the title track to the film. The Art Directors Guild nominated Gran Torino in the contemporary film category.",Kyle Eastwood
who was the 39th president of the united states of america,"James Earl Carter Jr. (born October 1924) is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981. He previously was the 76th Governor of Georgia from 1971 to 1975, after two terms in the Georgia State Senate from 1963 to 1967. Carter has remained active in public life during his post-presidency, and in 2002 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in co-founding the Carter Center.",James Earl Carter Jr.
what is the current edition of the united states code,"Both the LRC and the GPO offer electronic versions of the Code to the public. The LRC electronic version used to be as much as 18 months behind current legislation, but as of 2014 it is one of the most current versions available online. The United States Code is available from the LRC at uscode.house.gov in both HTML and XML bulk formats. The `` United States Legislative Markup '' (ASLM) schema of the XML was designed to be consistent with the Aroma Too project (from the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs) XML schema, and the OASIS LegalDocML technical committee standard will be based upon Aroma Too.",LRC electronic version
who wrote we are going on a bear hunt,"We're Going on a Bear Hunt is a 1989 children's picture book written by Michael Rose and illustrated by Helen Oxen bury. It has won numerous awards and was the subject of a Guinness World Record for `` The Largest Reading Lesson '' with a book - reading attended by, 500 children, and an additional 30,000 listeners online, in 2014.",Michael Rose
how many peoples bank branches in sri lanka,People's Bank is a state - owned commercial bank in Sri Lanka. The Bank's headquarters are located in Sir Chittampalam A. Gardiner Street in Colombo and was established on July 1961. The bank has a network of 737 local branches and Service Centers with 500 + own ATMs & Self Banking Units. The Bank offer both Retail and corporate Banking services including Online Banking.,"737 local branches and Service Centers, 500 + own ATMs & Self Banking Units"
who is on the cover of ufc 2,"EA Sports UFC is a mixed martial arts fighting video game developed by EA Canada, and published in March 2016 by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation and Xbox One. The sequel to 2014's EA Sports UFC, it is based on the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) brand. The game's cover art features Ronda Rousey and Conor McGregor.","Ronda Rousey, Conor McGregor"
who chooses where the olympics will be held,"National Olympic Committees select from within their national territory cities to put forward bids to host an Olympic game. The staging of the Paralympic Games is automatically included in the bid. Since the creation of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 1894, which successfully appropriated the name of the Ancient Greek Olympics to create a modern sporting event, interested cities have rivaled for selection as host of the Summer or Winter Olympic Games.",International Olympic Committee (IOC)
when did doctor who come back in 2005,"The first series of the 2005 revival of the British science fiction program Doctor Who began on 26 March 2005 with the episode `` Rose ''. This marked the end of the programme's 16 - year absence from episodic television following its cancellation in 1989, and was the first new televised Doctor Who is a story since the broadcast of the television movie starring Paul McGann in 1996. The finale episode, `` The Parting of the Ways '', was broadcast on 18 June 2005. The show was revived by longtime Doctor Who fan Russell T Davies, who had been lobbying the BBC since the late 1990s to bring the show back. The first series comprised 13 episodes, eight of which Davies wrote. Davies, Julie Gardner and MAL Young served as executive producers, Phil Collin son as producer.",26 March
when did gun free zones become a thing,It was first introduced in the U.S. Senate in February 1990 as S. 2070 by Senator Herb Kohl of Wisconsin and then was incorporated into the Crime Control Act of 1990 that was signed into law by President George H.W. Bush.,1990
who holds the ball for the field goal kicker,"In American football and Canadian football, the holder is the player who receives the snap from the long snapper during field goal or extra point attempts made by the placekicker. The holder is set on one knee five yards behind the line - of - scrimmage. Before the play begins he places the hand which is closest to the place kicker on the ground in a location designated by the kickers foot (In high school games, the holder / kicker combo is responsible for a kicking block, which lifts the ball off the turf) , with his forward hand ready to receive the snap. After receiving the snap, the holder will place the football on the turf, or block, ideally with the laces facing the uprights and the ball accurately placed where the backhand was initially, then balancing the ball with one or two fingers until the ball is kicked.",The holder
when do they film the price is right,"Except for the 30th Anniversary Special, which was taped at Harrah's Rio in Las Vegas, Nevada, The Price Is Right has been taped in Studio 33 in CBS Television City in Hollywood, California for its entire run. The studio, which is also used for other television productions, was renamed the Bob Barker Studio in the host's honor on the ceremonial, 000 TH episode taped in March 1998. When Carey became host, there was talk of the show traveling in the future. The program is usually produced in about an hour, although if there is a guest involved, some taping will last longer because of question and answer sessions by the audience and the guest, which the host usually moderates. Two episodes are usually taped each day, normally with three taping days per week (Monday through Wednesday, with one episode taped at 12 : 00 pm and another at : 00 pm) . The program is taped in advance of its predate. For example, the show broadcast on February 28, 2008, was taped on January 16. As with many other shows that start production in the summer, the lead time varies during the season, as many as fifteen weeks to as little as one day. The audience is entertained by the announcer before taping begins and in case of guests, the guest will answer questions from the audience. After the taping session, there is a drawing for a door prize. On some episodes, all members of the audience receive a prize from a sponsor or celebrity guest ; those prizes are usually mentioned in the Showcase (such as a complimentary slice of Papa John's Pizza, an NHL Winter Classic game puck, a couple' gift box from Hershey's or a book authored by a guest) . Television and Internet viewers have also been directed to the show's official website to enter a drawing for a similar prize offered to all viewers or another prize related to the special offer (such as the Rock of Ages signed CD) . Some episodes are taped `` out - of - order '' so that a specific episode will air after other episodes have aired. Notably, the Christmas Week episodes are usually taped in early December outside the regular rotation. An episode may be taped out - of - order if a prize package reflects a trip to an event that is taking place close to the date that episode will air (primarily with CBS properties such as the Academy of Country Music Awards, NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship, and various NFL on CBS games, most notably CBS Super Bowl years since Carey took over, but other games are offered) . Other episodes may be aired out - of - order because of game - related incidents or situations beyond the network's control. Most episodes which have aired out of order have occurred when the show is taped far in advance, but in the time between the show taping and its predate, a natural disaster took place at the trip venue. This happened in June 2005 with episodes that featured trips to New Orleans (which was later struck by Hurricane Katrina) , with predates moved to May and June 2006 and again in April 2010 with episodes that featured trips to Nashville, Tennessee (due to the May 2010 Tennessee floods) , with predates moved to September 2010.","Monday through Wednesday, With one episode taped at 12 : 00 pm and another at : 00 pm"
who is entourage based on in real life,"Mark Wahlberg and Stephen Levinson served as the show's executive producers, and its premise is loosely based on Wahlberg's experiences as an up - and - coming film star. The series deals with themes of male friendship and real - life situations in modern - day Hollywood. The show is known for its array of famous guests, having featured several actors, athletes, and other celebrities in guest star and cameo roles, often playing fictionalized versions of themselves.",Mark Wahlberg
how many chemicals are in a cup of coffee,"More than, 000 chemical compounds in coffee, and their molecular and physiological effects, are areas of active research in food chemistry. There are many ways to organize coffee compounds. The major texts in the area variously sort by effects on flavor, physiology, pre - and post-roasting effects, growing and processing effects, botanical variety differences, country of origin differences, and many others. Interactions between compounds also is a frequent area of taxonomy, as are the major organic chemistry categories (Protein, carbohydrate, lipid, etc. ). In the field of aroma and flavor alone, Filament gives a list of 300 contributing chemicals in green beans, and over 850 after roasting. He lists 16 major categories to cover those compounds related to aroma and flavor.","More than, 000"
who achieved international fame as a drag queen,"Ru Paul Andre Charles (born November 17, 1960) , known professionally by the synonym Ru Paul, is an American actor, drag queen, television personality, and singer / songwriter. Since 2009, he has produced and hosted the reality competition series RuPaul's Drag Race, for which he received two Primetime Emmy Awards.",Ru Paul Andre Charles
which windows system was the first to incorporate the system restore,"System Restore is a feature in Microsoft Windows that allows the user to revert their computer's state (including system files, installed applications, Windows Registry, and system settings) to that of a previous point in time, which can be used to recover from system malfunctions or other problems. First included in Windows ME, it has been included in all following desktop versions of Windows released since, excluding the Windows Server. In Windows 10, System Restore is turned off by default and must be enabled by users in order to function. This does not affect personnel files such as documents, music, pictures, and videos.",In Windows ME
what county is raleigh north carolina located in,"Raleigh (/ RLI / ; RAH - lee) is the capital of the state of North Carolina and the seat of Wake County in the United States. Raleigh is the second-largest city in the state of North Carolina behind Charlotte. Raleigh is known as the `` City of Oaks '' for its many oak trees, which line the streets in the heart of the city. The city covers a land area of 142. Square miles (370 km) . The U.S. Census Bureau estimated the city's population as 451,066 as of July 2015. It is one of the fastest - growing cities in the country. The city of Raleigh is named after Sir Walter Raleigh, who established the lost Roanoke Colony in present - day Dare County.",Wake
where is the basic input/output system (bios) stored,"For IBM PC compatible computers, BIOS (/ basis / BY - OSS ; an acronym for Basic Input / Output System and also known as the System BIOS, ROM BIOS or PC BIOS) is non-volatile firmware used to perform hardware initialization during the booting process (power - on startup) , and to provide runtime services for operating systems and programs. The BIOS firmware comes pre-installed on a personal computer's system board, and it is the first software run when powered on. The name originates from the Basic Input / Output System used in the CP / M operating system in 1975. Originally proprietary to the IBM PC, the BIOS has been reverse engineered by companies looking to create compatible systems. The interface of that original system serves as a de facto standard.",On a personal computer's system board
who played bud in sons of katie elder,"The four adult sons of Katie Elder -- John (John Wayne) , who is a famous (or infamous) professional gunman ; Tom (Dean Martin) , a professional gambler ; Bud (Michael Anderson, Jr. ), the youngest brother, still in school ; and Matt (Earl Hollman) , an unsuccessful hardware dealer -- reunite in their hometown of Clearwater, Texas (approximately hours east of Dallas in northeast Texas) , in 1898 for their mother's funeral, sharing regret that none of them has lived up to her high expectations of them.","Michael Anderson, Jr."
where did destiny's child get their name,"Over the course of the early years in their career, Girl's Time changed their name to Something Fresh, Cliché, the Dolls, and to Destiny. The group signed with Electra Records with the name Destiny, but were dropped several months later before they could release an album. The pursuit of a record deal affected the Knowles family : in 1995, Mathew Knowles resigned from his job as a medical - equipment salesman, a move that reduced Knowles' family's income by half, and her parents briefly separated due to the pressure. In 1996, they changed their name to Destiny's Child, which was taken from a passage in the Book of Isaiah. Mathew Knowles helped in negotiating a record deal with Columbia Records, which signed the group that same year. Prior to signing with Columbia, the group had recorded several tracks in Oakland, California produced by D'Wayne Wiggins of Tony ! Toni ! Tone ! , including `` Killing Time '', which upon the label's recognition that Destiny's Child had a `` unique quality '', was included in the soundtrack to the 1997 film Men in Black.",From a passage in the Book of Isaiah
who concluded that all cells came from existing cells,"Schleiden's theory of free cell formation through crystallization was refuted in the 1850s by Robert Remake, Rudolf Virchow, and Albert Collier. In 1855, Rudolf Virchow added the third tenet to cell theory. In Latin, this tenet states Omanis cellular e cellular. This translated to :",Rudolf Virchow
who sings in the eye of the storm,"`` Eye of the Storm '' is a song recorded by Christian musician Ryan Stevenson for his 2015 studio album Fresh Start. It peaked at number one on both the Billboard Hot Christian Songs and Christian Airplay charts, his first single to reach such feat.",Christian musician Ryan Stevenson
where does the dark knight rises take place,"The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan, and the story with David S. Boyer. Featuring the DC Comics character Batman, the film is the final installment in Nolan's The Dark Knight Trilogy, and the sequel to The Dark Knight (2008) . Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce Wayne / Batman, with a returning cast of allies : Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth, Gary Oldman as James Gordon, and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox. The film introduces Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway) and Bane (Tom Hardy) . Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight, merciless revolutionary Bane forces an older Bruce Wayne to resume his role as Batman and save Gotham City from nuclear destruction.",Gotham City
when do we celebrate father's day in india,"India traditionally has a two - week celebration since ancient days dedicated to celebrate ancestors called the Pitch Pasha. Father's Day is not celebrated in all of India. But is observed on the same day as the USA, the third Sunday of June by mostly Westernized urban centers. The event is not a public holiday. The day is usually celebrated only in bigger cities of India like Chennai, Mumbai, New Delhi, Bengaluru, Kolkata, Hyderabad and others. After this day was first observed in the United States in 1908 and gradually gained popularity, Indian metropolitan cities, much later, followed suit by recognizing this event. In India, the day is usually celebrated with children giving gifts like greeting cards, electronic gadgets, shirts, coffee mugs or books to their fathers.",The third Sunday of June
when did festival of motorcycling first take place,The International Isle of Man TT (Tourist Trophy) Race is an annual motorcycle sport event run on the Isle of Man in May or June of most years since its inaugural race in 1907.,1907
when did the first episode of heartland come out,"Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14, 2007. Heartland follows sisters Amy and Lou Fleming, their grandfather Jack Bartlett, and Ty Borden, through the highs and lows of life at the ranch.","October 14, 2007"
where will be held next world cup cricket 2019,"The 2019 Cricket World Cup (officially ICC Cricket World Cup 2019) is the 12th edition of the Cricket World Cup, scheduled to be hosted by England and Wales, from 30 May to 14 July 2019.",England and Wales
where was the movie treasure of the sierra madre filmed,"The Treasure of the Sierra Made was one of the first Hollywood films to be filmed on location outside the United States (in the state of Durango and street scenes in Tampico, Mexico) , although many scenes were filmed back in the studio and elsewhere in the US. The film is quite faithful to the source novel. In 1990, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant ''.","Durango, Tampico, Mexico, Back in the studio, Elsewhere in the US"
who played penny in the original lost in space,"Angela Margaret Cartwright (born September 1952) is an English - born American actress primarily known for her roles in movies and television. Cartwright is best known as a child actress for her role as Brigitte von Trap in the Academy Award-winning film The Sound of Music (1965) . On television, she played Linda Williams, the stepdaughter of Danny Williams (played by Danny Thomas) in the 1950s TV series The Danny Thomas Show, and Penny Robinson, in the 1960s television series Lost in Space. Her older sister is actress Veronica Cartwright.",Angela Margaret Cartwright
when was the first bottle of water made,"Although vessels to bottle and transport water were part of the earliest human civilizations, bottling water began in the United Kingdom with the first water bottling at the Holy Well in 1621. The demand for bottled water was fueled in large part by the resurgence in spa - going and water therapy among Europeans and American colonists in the 17th and 18th centuries. The first commercially distributed water in America was bottled and sold by Jackson's Spa in Boston in 1767. Early drinkers of bottled spa waters believed that the water at these mineral springs had therapeutic properties and that bathing in or drinking the water could help treat many common ailments.",1621
where is the yucatan peninsula located in mexico,"The Yucatán Peninsula (/ ˌjuːkəˈtɑːn / ; Spanish : Peninsula de Yucatán) , in southeastern Mexico, separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico, with the northern coastline on the Yucatán Channel. The peninsula lies east of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, a northwestern geographic partition separating the region of Central America from the rest of North America. It is approximately 181,000 km (70,000 sq mi) in area, and is almost entirely composed of limestone.","In southeastern Mexico, Separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico, With the northern coastline on the Yucatán Channel"
when was the eight hour work day established,"On 19 May 1869, President Ulysses Grant issued a National Eight Hour Law Proclamation.",19 May 1869
ok google what is the capital of belgium,"Belgium, officially the Kingdom of Belgium, is a country in Western Europe bordered by France, the Netherlands, Germany and Luxembourg. A small and densely populated country, it covers an area of 30,528 square kilometers (11,787 sq mi) and has a population of more than 11 million. Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe, Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch - speaking, mostly Flemish community, which constitutes about 59 percent of the population, and the French - speaking, mostly Walloon population, which comprises about 40 percent of all Belgians. Additionally, there is a small group of German speakers, numbering around one percent, who live in the East Cantons. The capital and largest city is Brussels ; other major cities are Antwerp, Ghent, Charleroi and Liège.",Brussels
which is the fastest running animal in the world,"The fastest land animal is the cheetah, which has a recorded speed of 109. -- 120. Km / h (68. -- 75. Mph) . The peregrine falcon is the fastest bird and the fastest member of the animal kingdom with a diving speed of 389 km / h (242 mph) . The fastest animal in the sea is the black marlin, which has a recorded speed of 129 km / h (80 mph) .",The cheetah
who plays susan on days of our lives,"Susan Banks is a fictional character on NBC's daytime drama Days of Our Lives. She was played by Eileen Davidson from November 1996 to April 1998, and again in 2014 and 2017. Susan is the mother of Elvis `` EX '' Dimer, and once acted as Kristen Blake's doppelgänger. In November 2011, it was announced that Brynn Thayer would take over the role of Susan, since Davidson was committed to The Young and the Restless. Thayer made her appearance on December 2011.",Eileen Davidson
kinship traced through the mother's family is called what kind of descent,"Matrilineally is the tracing of descent through the female line. It may also correlate with a societal system in which each person is identified with their matricide -- their mother's lineage -- and which can involve the inheritance of property and / or titles. A matricide is a line of descent from a female ancestor to a descendant (of either sex) in which the individuals in all intervening generations are mothers -- in other words, a `` mother line ''. In a matrilineal descent system, an individual is considered to belong to the same descent group as her or his mother. This matrilineal descent pattern is in contrast to the more common pattern of patrilineal descent from which a family name is usually derived. The matricide of historical nobility was also called her or his genetic or uterine ancestry, corresponding to the patrilineal or `` agnatic '' ancestry.",matrilineal
which national park is the principal natural habitat of rhinoceros,"Tauranga National Park (pronounced Assamese pronunciation : (kaziɹɔŋa last (ɹ) in Coddan) ) is a national park in the Galahad and Again districts of the state of Assam, India. The sanctuary, which hosts two - thirds of the world's great one - horned rhinoceroses, is a World Heritage Site. According to the census held in March 2018 which was jointly conducted by the Forest Department of the Government of Assam and some recognized wildlife NGOs, the rhino population in Tauranga National Park is, 413. It comprises, 641 adult rhinos (642 males, 793 females, 206 unsexed) ; 387 subadults (116 males, 149 females, 122 unsexed) ; and 385 calves. In 2015, the rhino population stood at 2401. Tauranga is home to the highest density of tigers among protected areas in the world, and was declared a Tiger Reserve in 2006 (now the highest tiger density is in Orange National Park, Assam) . The park is home to large breeding populations of elephants, wild water buffalo, and swamp deer. Tauranga is recognized as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International for conservation of avifaunal species. When compared with other protected areas in India, Tauranga has achieved notable success in wildlife conservation. Located on the edge of the Eastern Himalaya biodiversity hotspot, the park combines high species diversity and visibility.",Tauranga National Park
what number is pirates of the caribbean at world's end,"Pirates of the Caribbean : At World's End is a 2007 American epic fantasy swashbuckler film directed by Gore Sierpinski, the third installment of the Pirates of the Caribbean film series and the sequel to Dead Man's Chest (2006) . The plot follows Will Turner, Elizabeth Swan, Hector Barbosa, and the crew of the Black Pearl rescuing Captain Jack Sparrow from Davy Jones's Locker, and then preparing to fight the East India Trading Company, led by Cutler Beckett, who controls Davy Jones and plans to extinguish piracy forever. It is the last film in the series to be directed by Sierpinski. It was filmed in two shoots during 2005 and 2006, the former simultaneously with the preceding film, Dead Man's Chest. With a production budget of $300 million, Pirates of the Caribbean : At World's End was the most expensive film ever made at the time of its release, even after adjusting for inflation.",third
when did the constituent assembly become a sovereign body,"The elections for the 296 seats assigned to the British Indian provinces were completed by August 1946. Congress won 208 seats, and the Muslim League 73. After this election, the Muslim League refused to cooperate with the Congress, and the political situation deteriorated. Hindu - Muslim riots began, and the Muslim League demanded a separate constituent assembly for Muslims in India. On June 1947 Lord Mountbatten, the last British Governor - General of India, announced his intention to scrap the Cabinet Mission Plan ; this culminated in the Indian Independence Act 1947 and the separate nations of India and Pakistan. The Indian Independence Act was passed on 18 July 1947 and, although it was earlier declared that India would become independent in June 1948, this event led to independence on 15 August 1947. The Constituent Assembly (elected for an undivided India) met for the first time on December 1946, reassembling on 14 August 1947 as a sovereign body and successor to the British parliament's authority in India. As a result of the partition, under the Mountbatten plan a separate constituent assembly was established in Pakistan on June 1947. The representatives of the areas incorporated into Pakistan ceased to be members of the Constituent Assembly of India. New elections were held for the West Punjab and East Bengal (which became part of Pakistan, although East Bengal later seceded to become Bangladesh) ; the membership of the Constituent Assembly was 299 after the reorganization, and it met on 31 December 1947.",14 August 1947
roughly 40 to 45 percent of the u.s. population falls within the largest social class which is the,"Most of the growth in income inequality has been between the middle class and top earners, with the disparity widening the further one goes up in the income distribution. The bottom 50 % earned 20 % of the nation's pre-tax income in 1979 ; this fell steadily to 14 % by 2007 and 13 % by 2014. Income for the middle 40 % group, a proxy for the middle class, fell from 45 % in 1979 to 41 % in both 2007 and 2014.",Middle class
who was the center square on hollywood squares in the 70s,"Paul Lynne was featured in the tactically important center square throughout most of the show's original run. In 1968, after two years on the show, Lynne became the regular center square. Lynde's outrageous jokes helped him win two daytime Emmy Awards both in 1974 and 1978. He left the series after taping the August 20 -- 24, 1979 week of shows, but returned when the series relocated to Las Vegas for the 1980 -- 81 season.",Paul Lynne
who plays captain jack sparrow in pirates of the caribbean,"Captain Jack Sparrow is a fictional character in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. The character was created by screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossi, and is portrayed by Johnny Depp. The characterization of Sparrow is based on a combination of The Rolling Stones' guitarist Keith Richards and Looney Tunes cartoon character Pepe Le Pew. He first appears in the 2003 film Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl. He later appears in the sequels Dead Man's Chest (2006) , At World's End (2007) , On Stranger Tides (2011) , and Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) .",Johnny Depp
who sings tomorrow belongs to me in cabaret,"The Nazis's violent rise is a powerful, ever - present undercurrent in the film. Their progress can be tracked through the characters' changing actions and attitudes. While in the beginning of the film National Socialist members are sometimes harassed and even kicked out of the Kit Kat Club, the final shot of the film shows the cabaret's audience is dominated by Nazi party members. The rise of the Nazis is also dramatically demonstrated in the rural beer garden scene. In a sunlit outdoor setting a boy -- only his face seen -- sings to a relaxed audience of all ages what at first seem mild lyrics (`` Tomorrow Belongs To Me '') about the beauties of nature and youth. The camera shifts to show that the singer is wearing a brown Hitler Youth uniform. He lifts his hand in the Nazi salute. One by one, nearly all the adults and young people watching are induced to rise and join in the singing and saluting, the gentle a cappella ballad gradually transforming to a harsh and militant anthem. Max and Brian return to their car after witnessing this show of growing support for the National Socialist movement, Brian asking Max, `` Do you still think you can control them ? '' Later, Brian's one - man confrontation with a Nazi in the street is a futile gesture, leading to nothing but him being beaten up.","A boy, Nearly all the adults and young people watching"
when was the last time the volcano erupted in tenerife,"If measured from the ocean floor, it is at, 500 m (24,600 ft) the highest volcano in the world base - to - peak outside the Hawaiian Islands, and is described by UNESCO and NASA as Earth's third - the tallest volcanic structure. Teide's elevation makes Tenerife the tenth-highest island in the world. Made is an active volcano : its most recent eruption occurred in 1909 from the El Chinese vent on the northwestern Santiago rift. The United Nations Committee for Disaster Mitigation designated Made a Decade Volcano because of its history of destructive eruptions and its proximity to several large towns, of which the closest are Graphic, Icon de Los Vines and Puerto de la Cruz. Made, PICO Video and Montana Blanca from the Central Volcanic Complex of Tenerife.",1909
where does tap water come from in london,London has well-developed water supply infrastructure. Most drinking water consumed in London comes from the River Thames and the River Lee. Approximately 70 % of all water supplied to London is taken from the Thames upstream of Eddington Weir.,River Thames and the River Lee
in mythology son of ares bound to fiery wheel,"In Greek mythology, Ixion (/ Kasai. Ən / in - SY - in ; Greek : Ἰξίων, gen.  Ἰξίωνος) was king of the Faiths, the most ancient tribe of Thessaly, and a son of Ares, or Centers, or Action and Perimeter, or the notorious evildoer Pleas, whose name connotes `` fiery ''. Marathons was his son (or stepson, if Zeus were his father, as the sky - god claims to Hera in Iliad 14) .",Ixion
the process of lysosomes digesting materials is called,"The lysosomes also act as the waste disposal system of the cell by digesting unwanted materials in the cytoplasm, both from outside the cell and obsolete components inside the cell. Material from outside the cell is taken - up through endocytosis, while material from the inside of the cell is digested through autophagy. Their sizes can be very different -- the biggest ones can be more than 10 times bigger than the smallest ones. They were discovered and named by Belgian biologist Christian de Duve, who eventually received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974.","endocytosis, autophagy"
what is to all the boys ive loved before,"To All the Boys I've Loved Before is a 2014 young adult romance novel by American author Jenny Han, first published by Simon & Schuster and released on April 15, 2014. Han was inspired to write the book based on her own habit of writing long letters to boys she had crushes on as a teenager. The novel was followed by two sequels, P.S. I Still Love You, released on May 26, 2015, and Always and Forever, Lara Jean, released on May 2017.",A 2014 young adult romance novel by American author Jenny Han
when was smoking banned in pubs in scotland,"The Act established that, from 26 March 2006, it would be an offense to smoke in any wholly or substantially enclosed public space in Scotland, with a few exceptions, such as : prisons, care homes and police interview rooms. Private member clubs were not exempted. Hotel rooms could be designated by the proprietors as smoking rooms, but they were under no obligation to do so, and if they did not, the Act applied to them as any other space.",26 March 2006
who is called the father of educational psychology,Johann Herbart (1776 -- 1841) is considered the father of educational psychology. He believed that learning was influenced by interest in the subject and the teacher. He thought that teachers should consider the students' existing mental sets -- what they already know -- when presenting new information or material. Herbart came up with what are now known as the formal steps. The steps that teachers should use are :,Johann Herbart
who has the authority to establish a state police agency,"A general trend has been to bring all of these agencies under a state - level Department of Public Safety. Additionally, they may serve under different state departments, such as the Highway Patrol under the state Department of Transportation and the Marine patrol under the Department of Natural Resources. Twenty-three U.S. states use the term `` State Police. '' Forty - nine states have a State Police agency or its equivalent, with Hawaii being the only state without a so - designated statewide police agency.",U.S. states
who is the hardest throwing pitcher of all time,"Stephen Louis Malinowski Jr. (born June 1939) , nicknamed Also, is an American retired left-handed pitcher. He is sometimes called the fastest pitcher in baseball history and had a fastball that probably exceeded 100 mph (160 km / h) . Some experts believed it went as fast as 125 mph (201 km / h) , others that his pitches traveled at 120 mph (190 km / h) or less. As no radar gun or other device was available at games to measure the speed of his pitches precisely, the actual top speed of his pitches remains unknown. Regardless of its actual speed, his fastball earned him the nickname `` White Lightning ''. Such was his reputation that despite never reaching the major leagues, and finishing his minor league years in class - B ball, the 1966 Sporting News item about the end of his career was headlined `` LIVING LEGEND RELEASED. ''",Stephen Louis Malinowski Jr.
what is the meaning of girl on fire,"`` Girl on Fire '' is a midtempo R&B and hip hop song written by Keys, Jeff Bhaskar, Salaam Remi and American rock guitarist Billy Squire. Squire earns a writing credit for the inclusion of an interpolation of the drums from his 1980 song `` The Big Beat ''. Composed on the key of A major, `` Girl on Fire '' uses common time and is set to a `` heavy beat '' at a tempo of 93 beats per minute. Keys' vocals range in the song over an octave from a low note of C ♯ up to a high note of E. On the main single, Keys opens the songs with the lyrics `` She got both feet on the ground, and she's burning it down. She got her head in the clouds, and she's not backing down. This girl is on fire ! '' Keys' lyrics center around toasting the `` achievements of women everywhere '', particularly with the hook `` She's just a girl, and she's on fire '', which according to MTV's Rob Marksman is delivered with a `` calming - yet - commanding wail ''. Marksman also spoke of the pace of the song, describing it as `` pulsating ''. LA Time's Derrick Kennedy expanded further describing the songs components as `` a fierce battle cry over a fast - building simplistic hook ''. Critics likened `` Girl on Fire '' to Keys' previous singles `` No One '' (2007) and `` Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart '' (2009) . Throwing `` If I Ain't Got You '' (2004) into the list of comparisons, Erin Thompson from Seattle Weekly said `` Girl on Fire '' compares to previous Keys' ballads with its `` quiet, unassuming verses leading into big, empathic choruses. ''",The `` achievements of women everywhere ''
when does the regular season start for the nfl 2017,"The 2017 NFL season, the 98th and current season in the history of the National Football League (NFL) , began on September 2017, with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots 42 -- 27 in the NFL Kickoff Game. The season will conclude with Super Bowl LII, the league's championship game, on February 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota.","September, 2017"
who played the penguin in the original batman movie,Burgess Meredith as The Penguin,Burgess Meredith
how did charcot marie tooth disease get its name,"The disease is named after those who classically described it : Jean - Martin Charcot (1825 -- 1893) , his pupil Pierre Marie (1853 -- 1940) (`` SUR one form particular d'atrophied muscular progressive, solvent familial debutant par LES pied set LES jambs et attaining plus hard LES mains ''. Revue medical. Paris.  97 -- 138. 1886. ), and Howard Henry Tooth (1856 -- 1925) (`` The perineal type of progressive muscular atrophy '', dissertation, London, 1886. )",Named after those who classically described it
loss of diversity in a reduced population is called,"A population bottleneck or genetic bottleneck is a sharp reduction in the size of a population due to environmental events (such as earthquakes, floods, fires, disease, or droughts) or human activities (such as genocide) . Such events can reduce the variation in the gene pool of a population ; thereafter, a smaller population, with a correspondingly smaller genetic diversity, remains to pass on genes to future generations of offspring through sexual reproduction. Genetic diversity remains lower, increasing only when gene flow with another population occurs or very slowly increasing with time as random mutations occur. As a consequence of such population size reductions and the loss of genetic variation, the robustness of the population is reduced and its ability to adapt to and survive selecting environmental changes, like climate change or a shift in available resources, is reduced. Alternatively, if by chance survivors of the bottleneck are the individuals with the greatest genetic fitness, the frequency of the fitter genes within the gene pool is increased, while the pool itself is reduced.",Population bottleneck
who sings the song strip it down for me,"`` Strip That Down '' is the debut solo single by English singer and songwriter Liam Payne, featuring guest vocals from American rapper Quasi. It was released as the lead single for his forthcoming debut studio album on 19 May 2017, via Capitol Records in the UK and Republic Records in the US. The song was written by Payne, Ed Sheeran -- who contributes uncredited vocals to the song, Steve Mac and Quasi. It was serviced to US contemporary hit radio on 23 May 2017. The song's accompanying music video was released on June 2017. The lyrical content is supposed to reflect Payne's freedom to venture into raunchy musical elements after departing from the British - Irish boy band One Direction.","English singer and songwriter Liam Payne, Featuring guest vocals from American rapper Quasi"
who discovered that all organisms are made of cells,"In biology, cell theory is the historic scientific theory, now universally accepted, that living organisms are made up of cells. Cells are the basic unit of structure in all organisms and also the basic unit of reproduction. With continual improvements made to microscopes over time, magnification technology advanced enough to discover cells in the 17th century. This discovery is largely attributed to Robert Hooke, and began the scientific study of cells, also known as cell biology. Over a century later, many debates about cells began amongst scientists. Most of these debates involved the nature of cellular regeneration, and the idea of cells as a fundamental unit of life. Cell theory was eventually formulated in 1839. This is usually credited to Matthias Schneider and Theodor Schwann. However, many other scientists like Rudolf Virchow contributed to the theory.",Robert Hooke
benefits of the aswan high dam in egypt,"The Aswan Dam, or more specifically since the 1960s, the Aswan High Dam, is an embankment dam built across the Nile in Aswan, Egypt, between 1960 and 1970. Its significance largely eclipsed the previous Aswan Low Dam initially completed in 1902 downstream. Based on the success of the Low Dam, then at its maximum utilization, construction of the High Dam became a key objective of the government following the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 ; with its ability to control flooding better, provide increased water storage for irrigation and generate hydroelectricity the dam was seen as pivotal to Egypt's planned industrialization. Like the earlier implementation, the High Dam has had a significant effect on the economy and culture of Egypt.","Ability to control flooding better, Provide increased water storage for irrigation, Generate hydroelectricity"
when was the last time we had a triple crown winner,"In the history of the Triple Crown, 13 horses have won all three races : Sir Barton (1919) , Gallant Fox (1930) , Omaha (1935) , War Admiral (1937) , Whirl away (1941) , Count Fleet (1943) , Assault (1946) , Citation (1948) , Secretariat (1973) , Seattle Slew (1977) , Affirmed (1978) , American Pharaoh (2015) , and Justify (2018) . As of 2018, American Pharaoh and Justify are the only living Triple Crown winners.",2015
when did the first season of the 100 come out,"The 100 (pronounced The Hundred) is an American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama television series that premiered on March 19, 2014, on The CW. The series, developed by Jason Rosenberg, is loosely based on the 2013 book of the same name, the first in a series by Mass Morgan.","March 19, 2014"
actor who plays chaka in land of the lost,Norma Vaccine as CIA - Key,Norma Vaccine
what countries are part of the berne convention,"As of February 2018, there are 176 states that are parties to the Borne Convention. This includes 173 UN member states plus the Cook Islands, the Holy See and Nice.","173 UN member states plus the Cook Islands, The Holy See and Nice"
when was the last time atlanta falcons went to the superbowl,"In their 51 years of existence, the Falcons have compiled a record of 350 -- 450 -- (341 -- 437 -- in the regular season and -- 13 in the playoffs) , winning division championships in 1980, 1998, 2004, 2010, 2012, and 2016. The Falcons have appeared in two Super Bowls, the first being during the 1998 season in Super Bowl XXXIII, where they lost to the Denver Broncos 34 -- 19, and the second being a 34 -- 28 overtime defeat by the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LI.",Super Bowl LI
where was chitty chitty bang bang car made,"For the 1968 film, six cars were created, including a fully functional road - going car with UK registration GEN 11. This car was designed by the film's production designer, Ken Adam, and cartoonist and sculptor Frederick Rowland Emmett, built by Alan Mann Racing in Hertfordshire in 1967, fitted with a Ford 3000 V engine and automatic transmission and allocated a genuine UK registration. This car was privately owned by Pierre Piston of Stratford-upon-Avon from the early 1970s until May 2011. Actor Dick Van Dyke, who drove the car in the film, said that `` the car was a little difficult to maneuver, with the turning radius of a battleship ''. Public appearances of the car in 2010 are listed on the GEN 11 official website, with a note that there will be no more as the car was sent to Los Angeles, USA, to be auctioned on 22 May 2011. The auction price was expected to reach US $ -- m, but capped at $805,000 (£495,415) with the winning bidder New Zealand film director Sir Peter Jackson, who according to his spokesperson said he would use it as a charity fund-raising vehicle. It is registered in New Zealand as GEN I, as the registration GEN 11 had already been issued.",Hertfordshire
who did kyle play in little house on the prairie,"Richards began acting in 1974. She appeared in 18 episodes of the television series Little House on the Prairie as Alicia Sanderson Edwards. Her sister, Kim, was also an actress. In the 1970s, Richards appeared on several television series and in a few horror films, including the cult classic Halloween (1978) . In 1980, she appeared opposite Bette Davis and Lynn - Holly Johnson in The Watcher in the Woods. Most of her 1980s roles were minor, and included made - for - television, direct - to - video, or other video work. Subsequent roles included Nurse Doris in 21 episodes of ER (1998 -- 2006) and Lisa, a supporting character in National Lampoon's Pledge This ! . She also appeared in The Simple Life and My New BFF.",Alicia Sanderson Edwards
who is the person that drives the train,"An engineer (American and Canadian) , engine driver, train driver, loco pilot, motorman, train operator (British and Commonwealth English) , is a person who operates a train. The driver is in charge of, and responsible for driving the engine, as well as the mechanical operation of the train, train speed, and all train handling. The use of the term engineer to describe this occupation in North America should not be confused with the usual meanings of engineer.",engineer
the person you are going to marry is called,"An engagement, betrothal, or fiancé is a promise to wed, and also the period of time between a marriage proposal and a marriage. During this period, a couple is said to be betrothed, intended, affianced, engaged to be married, or simply engaged. Future brides and grooms may be called the betrothed, a wife - to - be or husband - to - be, fiancée or fiancé (from the French word of the same form) , respectively. The duration of the courtship varies vastly, and is largely dependent on cultural norms or upon the agreement of the parties involved.","The betrothed, Wife - to - be or husband - to - be, Fiancée or fiancé"
what does the lines on the us flag mean,"The flag of the United States of America, often referred to as the American flag, is the national flag of the United States. It consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red (top and bottom) alternating with white, with a blue rectangle in the canton (referred to specifically as the `` union '') bearing fifty small, white, five - pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows, where rows of six stars (top and bottom) alternate with rows of five stars. The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America, and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain, and became the first states in the U.S. Nicknames for the flag include The Stars and Stripes, Old Glory, and The Star - Spangled Banner.","The thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain, And became the first states in the U.S."
where is articular cartilage of a long bone found,"The long bones are those that are longer than they are wide. They are one of five types of bones : long, short, flat, irregular and sesamoid. Long bones, especially the femur and tibia, are subjected to most of the load during daily activities, and they are crucial for skeletal mobility. They grow primarily by elongation of the diaphysis, with an epiphysis at each end of the growing bone. The ends of epiphyses are covered with hyaline cartilage (`` articular cartilage '') . The longitudinal growth of long bones is a result of endochondral ossification at the epiphyses plate. Bone growth in length is stimulated by the production of growth hormone (GH) , a secretion of the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland.",The ends of epiphyses
what does g2 do in the cell cycle,"G phase is a period of rapid cell growth and protein synthesis during which the cell prepares itself for mitosis. Curiously, G phase is not a necessary part of the cell cycle, as some cell types (particularly young Venous embryos and some cancers) proceed directly from DNA replication to mitosis. Though much is known about the genetic network which regulates G phase and subsequent entry into mitosis, there is still much to be discovered concerning its significance and regulation, particularly in regard to cancer. One hypothesis is that the growth in G phase is regulated as a method of cell size control. Fission yeast (Schizosaccharomyces pom be) has been previously shown to employ such a mechanism, via CDR - mediated spatial regulation of Wee activity. Though Wee is a fairly conserved negative regulator of mitotic entry, no general mechanism of cell size control in G has yet been elucidated.",Rapid cell growth and protein synthesis
what does the wilcoxon signed rank test measure,"The Wilcox on signed - rank test is a non-parametric statistical hypothesis test used to compare two related samples, matched samples, or repeated measurements on a single sample to assess whether their population mean ranks differ (i.e. it is a paired difference test) . It can be used as an alternative to the paired Student's t - test, t - test for matched pairs, or the t - test for dependent samples when the population can not be assumed to be normally distributed. A Wilcox on signed - rank test is a nonparametric test that can be used to determine whether two dependent samples were selected from populations having the same distribution.","Two related samples, Matched samples, Or repeated measurements on a single sample to assess whether their population mean ranks differ (i.e. it is a paired difference test)"
the general surface wind circulation associated with the high-pressure center (h) is most likely,"Winds within high - pressure areas flow outward from the higher pressure areas near their centers towards the lower pressure areas further from their centers. Gravity adds to the forces causing this general movement, because the higher pressure compresses the column of air near the center of the area into greater density -- and so greater weight compared to lower pressure, lower density, and lower weight of the air outside the center.",Outward from the higher pressure areas near their centers
who did eric clapton write tears in heaven for,"`` Tears in Heaven '' is a song by Eric Clapton and Will Jennings, from the 1991 Rush film soundtrack. The song was written about the pain and loss Clapton felt following the death of his - year - old son, Conor. In an interview with Sue Layla in 1992, Clapton said of the song, `` There is a song that I've written for a movie, but in actual fact it was in the back of my head, but it didn't really have a reason for being until I was scoring this movie which I did a little while ago and then it sort of had a reason to be. And it is a little ambiguous because it could be taken to be about Conor, but it also is meant to be part of the film. '' Conor fell from a window of a 53rd - floor New York apartment owned by his mother's friend on March 20, 1991. Clapton arrived at the apartment shortly after the accident.","- year - old son, Conor"
what was one effect of the battle of tippecanoe in 1811,"American public opinion blamed the violence on British interference in American affairs through financial and munitions support for the Indians. This led to a further deterioration of relations with Britain and was a catalyst of the War of 1812, which began six months later. By the time the US declared war on the United Kingdom in June 1812, Tecumseh's confederacy was ready to launch its war against the United States in alliance with the British. In preparation, the Natives soon rebuilt Prophets town. Frontier violence in the region would continue until well after the War of 1812, although Tecumseh was killed in 1813 during the Battle of the Thames.",A catalyst of the War of 1812
when did drinking and driving become illegal in canada,"In 1921, the Parliament of Canada first created a summary conviction offense for drinking and driving, called `` driving while intoxicated ''. At the time, the courts interpreted intoxication to mean substantial inebriation, and more than just being under the influence of alcohol. The minimum penalty for the first offense was seven days in jail. The minimum penalty for the second offense was one month in jail. The minimum penalty for a third offense was three months in jail.",1921
when did the indian ocean trade route began,"There was an extensive maritime trade network operating between the Harappan and Mesopotamian civilizations as early as the middle Harappan Phase (2600 - 1900 BCE) , with much commerce being handled by `` middlemen merchants from Dillon '' (modern Bahrain and Fail aka located in the Persian Gulf) . Such long - distance sea trade became feasible with the development of plank - built watercraft, equipped with a single central mast supporting a sail of woven rushes or cloth.",As early as the middle Harappan Phase (2600 - 1900 BCE)
my babysitter's a vampire cast little sister,"Jane Morgan (portrayed by Ella Jonas Far linger) is Ethan's younger, - year - old sister. She has her own strange view of the world around her. Jane knows about Ethan's, Benny's, Sarah's, Rory's and Erica's supernatural abilities and keeps the secret, often helping along when they are in dangerous situations. She usually gets her way by blackmailing Ethan, threatening to tell their parents about all of Ethan, Benny, and Sarah's secret adventures. Although she is manipulative, she cares for Ethan and shares a friendly and easy relationship with Benny. Jane seems to have certain limited abilities to cast spells ; She once used one of Benny's spells to bring one of her dolls to life and gets her parents and others turned into little dolls after being touched by Jane's doll, prompting Ethan, Benny and Sarah to come to the rescue and turn everyone back to normal again.",Jane Morgan
what is the final electron acceptor in the electron transport chain of cellular respiration,"Aerobic metabolism is up to 15 times more efficient than anaerobic metabolism (which yields molecules ATP per molecule glucose) . However, some anaerobic organisms, such as methanogens are able to continue with anaerobic respiration, yielding more ATP by using other inorganic molecules (not oxygen) as final electron acceptors in the electron transport chain. They share the initial pathway of glycolysis, but aerobic metabolism continues with the Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation. The post-glycolytic reactions take place in the mitochondria in eukaryotic cells, and in the cytoplasm in prokaryotic cells.",Other inorganic molecules
who has played the longest in the nhl,"The National Hockey League (NHL) is a major professional ice hockey league which operates in Canada and the United States. Since its inception in 1917 -- 18, 313 players have played at least, 000 regular season games, varying in amounts between Gordie Howe's, 767 to Bernie Federal and Henrik Zetterberg's, 000. Of these players, a number have been inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.",Gordie Howe
where are the piney woods located in texas,"The Piney Woods is a temperate coniferous forest terrestrial ecoregion in the Southern United States covering 54,400 square miles (141,000 km) of East Texas, southern Arkansas, western Louisiana, and southeastern Oklahoma. These coniferous forests are dominated by several species of pine as well as hardwoods including hickory and oak. Historically the most dense part of this forest region was the Big Thicket though the lumber industry dramatically reduced the forest concentration in this area and throughout the Piney Woods during the 19th and 20th centuries. The World Wide Fund for Nature considers the Piney Woods to be one of the critically endangered ecoregions of the United States. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) defines most of this ecoregion as the South Central Plains.",East Texas
mill on the floss by george eliot summary,"The novel spans a period of 10 to 15 years and details the lives of Tom and Maggie Gulliver, siblings growing up at Dovecote Mill on the River Floss at its junction with the more minor River Ripple near the village of St. Ogg's in Lincolnshire, England. Both the river and the village are fictional.","The novel spans a period of 10 to 15 years and details the lives of Tom and Maggie Gulliver, Siblings growing up at Dovecote Mill on the River Floss at its junction with the more minor River Ripple near the village of St. Ogg's in Lincolnshire, England. Both the river and the village are fictional."
who played randy on my name is earl,"Ethan Sup lee (born May 25, 1976) is an American film and television actor best known for his roles as Seth Ryan in American History X, Louie Last in Remember the Titans, Frankie in Boy Meets World, Randy Hickey in My Name Is Earl, Toby in The Wolf of Wall Street, and his roles in Kevin Smith films.",Ethan Sup lee
who owns the palm hotel in las vegas,Owner Station Casinos,Station Casinos
bt-cotton is genetically engineered by inserting a gene from a,"Strains of the bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis produce over 200 different BT toxins, each harmful to different insects. Most notably, BT toxins are insecticidal to the larvae of moths and butterflies, beetles, cotton boll worms and ft flies but are harmless to other forms of life. The gene coding for BT toxin has been inserted into cotton as a transgene, causing it to produce this natural insecticide in its tissues. In many regions, the main pests in commercial cotton are lepidopteran larvae, which are killed by the BT protein in the genetically modified cotton they eat. This eliminates the need to use large amounts of broad - spectrum insecticides to kill lepidopteran pests (some of which have developed parathyroid resistance) . This spares natural insect predators in the farm ecology and further contributes to noninsecticide pest management.",BT toxin
who has been chief of surgery on grey's,"Richard Webber, M.D. is a fictional character from the ABC medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy. The character is portrayed by actor James Pickens, Jr., and was created by Honda Rhymes. He was previously the Chief of Surgery at Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital for 11 years, and was replaced by Owen Hunt (Kevin Kidd) .","Richard Webber, Owen Hunt"
when and between whom was the second battle of panipath fought,"The Second Battle of Animal was fought on November 1556, between the forces of Hemp, the Hindu general and Chief Minister of ADSL Shah Sure, and the army of the Mughal emperor, Akbar. Hemp had conquered Delhi a month earlier by defeating the Mughal led by Tardy Beg Khan at the Battle of Delhi and proclaimed himself Raja Vikramaditya. Akbar and his guardian, Bream Khan, had immediately marched to Delhi to reclaim the city. The two armies clashed at Animal not far from the site of the First Battle of Animal of 1526.","November, 1556, Between the forces of Hemp, The Hindu general and Chief Minister of ADSL Shah Sure, And the army of the Mughal emperor, Akbar"
what kind of dog is hank the cow dog,"Hank : Hank is the main character and narrator of each story in the Hank the Cow dog adventures. Hank is the only character to appear in every single story in the series. Hank claims to be a `` purebred top - of - the - line blue - ribbon cow dog '' but is in fact most likely a mutt. He styles himself as the `` Head of Ranch Security '' and conducts security sweeps and nightly patrols. However, his real task is to serve as the assistant to Slim and Lower in herding cattle. Hank has a superiority complex which causes him to have an inflated sense of his own intelligence, strength, courage and attractiveness. As a result of this, Hank frequently finds himself in sticky situations, usually of his own creation. Much of the humor of the series comes from Hank as narrator shamelessly attempting to make himself seem more competent with hindsight than he really was, but the reader is rarely fooled. Despite his flaws Hank is deeply loyal to his family and the ranch community and usually rises to the occasion at the moment of true crisis. The dog is based on an Australian Shepherd named Hank that was owned by a neighbor of Erickson's when he was managing a ranch in Oklahoma. The neighbor wanted to use the dog to help with the cattle, but the dog was not trained and proved a hassle.",mutt
who sang amy what you going to do,"`` Amie '' is a song recorded by the American soft rock group Pure Prairie League. It was released in 1973 as their debut single, but did not chart on the Billboard Hot 100 until 1975.",Pure Prairie League
who built the temples at aihole badami and pattadakal,"Pattadakal became, along with nearby Airhole and Adam, a major cultural center and religious site for innovations in architecture and experimentation of ideas. The rule of the Gupta Empire during the TH century brought about a period of political stability, during which Airhole became a locus of scholarship. The experimentation in architecture extended into Adam over the course of the next two centuries. This culture of learning encompassed Pattadakal in the TH century which became a nexus where ideas from northern and southern India fused. It was during this latter period that the Chalky empire constructed many of the temples in Airhole - Adam - Pattadakal region.",The Chalky empire
how many types of poison dart frogs are there,"Dart frogs are the focus of major phylogenetic studies, and undergo taxonomic changes frequently. The family Dendrobatidae was revised taxonomically in 2006 and contains 13 genera, with about 170 species.",About 170 species
when did the original toy story come out,"Toy Story was released in theaters on November 22, 1995, and was the highest - grossing film on its opening weekend, earning over $373 million at the worldwide box office. The film was positively reviewed by critics and audiences, who praised the animation's technical innovation, the wit and thematic sophistication of the screenplay, and the vocal performances of Hanks and Allen. It is considered by many critics to be one of the best animated films ever made. The film received three Academy Award nominations, including Best Original Screenplay, Best Original Score, and Best Original Song for `` You've Got a Friend in Me '', as well as winning a Special Achievement Academy Award. It was inducted into the National Film Registry as being `` culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant '' in 2005, its first year of eligibility. In addition to home media releases and theatrical re-releases, Toy Story - inspired material has run the gamut from toys, video games, theme park attractions, spin-offs, merchandise, and two sequels -- Toy Story (1999) and Toy Story (2010) -- both of which also garnered massive commercial success and critical acclaim, with a third sequel, Toy Story, slated for a 2019 release.","November 22, 1995"
who sang one step further and i would have been there,"`` One Step Further '', written by Simon Jefferies, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed by the duo Bard, comprising Sally Ann Triplet and Stephen Fischer.","The duo Bard, Comprising Sally Ann Triplet and Stephen Fischer"
who played kate todd's sister on ncis,Wendy Rosenberg Make (born October 1958) is an American actress.,Wendy Rosenberg Make
town in florida seceded and immediately applied for foreign aid,"The Conch Republic is a micronation declared as a tongue - in - cheek secession of the city of Key West, Florida, from the United States on April 23, 1982. It has been maintained as a tourism booster for the city since. Since then, the term `` Conch Republic '' has been expanded to refer to `` all the Florida Keys, or, that geographic apportionment of land that falls within the legally defined boundaries of Monroe County, Florida, northward to' Skeeter's Last Chance Saloon' in Florida City, Dade County, Florida, with Key West as the nation's capital and all territories north of Key West being referred to as' The Northern Territories' ''.",The Conch Republic
where do the real housewives of new york city live,"The Real Housewives of New York City (abbreviated PHONY) is an American reality television series that premiered on March 2008 on Bravo. Developed as the second installment of The Real Housewives franchise, following The Real Housewives of Orange County, it is currently in its ninth season and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in New York City.",New York City
when did the term great britain come into use,"After the Anglo-Saxon period, Britain was used as a historical term only. Geoffrey of Monmouth in his pseudohistorical Historian Begum Britannia (c. 1136) refers to the island as Britannia major (`` Greater Britain '') , to distinguish it from Britannia minor (`` Lesser Britain '') , the continental region which approximates to modern Brittany, which had been settled in the fifth and sixth centuries by migrants from Britain. The term Great Britain was first used officially in 1474, in the instrument drawing up the proposal for a marriage between Cecily the daughter of Edward IV of England, and James the son of James III of Scotland, which described it as `` this No bill Isle, Callie Get Britney ''. It was used again in 1604, when King James VI and I styled himself `` King of Great Britain, France and Ireland ''.",1474
when was the little mermaid released on vhs,"In a then atypical and controversial move for a new Disney animated film, The Little Mermaid was released as part of the Walt Disney Classics line of VHS and Laser disc home video releases in May 1990, six months after the release of the film. Before Mermaid, only a select number of Disney's catalog animated films had been released to home video, as the company was afraid of upsetting its profitable practice of theatrically reissuing each film every seven years. Mermaid became that year's top-selling title on home video, with over 10 million units sold (including a million in its first month) . This success led future Disney films to be released soon after the end of their theatrical runs, rather than delayed for several years.",May 1990
who sang the song you keep me hanging on,"`` You Keep Me Hanging' On '' is a 1966 song written and composed by Holland -- Dozier -- Holland. It first became a popular Billboard Hot 100 number one hit for the American Motown group the Supreme in late 1966. The rock band Vanilla Fudge covered the song a year later and had a top ten hit with their version. British pop singer Kim Wilde covered `` You Keep Me Hanging' On '' in 1986, bumping it back to number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in June 1987. The single reached number one by two different musical acts in America. In the first 32 years of the Billboard Hot 100 rock era, `` You Keep Me Hanging' On '' became one of only six songs to achieve this feat. In 1996, country music singer Reba McEntire's version reached number on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.",The Supreme
who plays the evil stepmother in a cinderella story,"Jennifer Coolidge as Fiona, Sam's stepmom",Jennifer Coolidge
when does star trek discovery fall in the timeline,"Star Trek : Discovery is an American television series created for CBS All Access by Bryan Fuller and Alex Hartman. It is the first series developed specifically for that service, and the first Star Trek series since Star Trek : Enterprise concluded in 2005. Set roughly a decade before the events of the original Star Trek series and separate from the timeline of the concurrently produced feature films, Discovery explores the Federation -- Klingon war while following the crew of the USS Discovery. Gretchen J. Berg and Aaron Herbert serve as show runners on the series, with producing support from Akiva Goldman.",Set roughly a decade before the events of the original Star Trek series and separate from the timeline of the concurrently produced feature films
where does the sangamon river start and end,"The river rises from several short head streams in southern McLean County that arise from a glacial moraine southeast of Bloomington - Normal, Illinois. Part of the moraine is publicly owned as the Moraine View State Recreation Area. The river's course forms a large arc through central Illinois, first flowing east into Champaign County, Illinois, south through Mahomes, then west through Monticello and Decatur, then turning northwest to flow along the north side of Springfield. It receives Salt Creek at 40° ′ 33.24 '' N 89° 49 ′ 30.36 '' W / 40.1259000 ° N 89.8251000° W / 40.1259000 ; - 89.8251000, approximately 25 miles (40 km) north - northwest of Springfield ; then the river turns west, forming the southern boundary of Mason County with Menard and Class counties. It joins the Illinois River from the east just north of Beards town.","Southeast of Bloomington - Normal, Illinois, North of Beards town"
what does bc stand for in the bible,"The terms Anna Dominic (AD) and before Christ (BC) are used to label or number years in the Julian and Gregorian calendars. The term Anna Dominic is Medieval Latin and means `` in the year of the Lord '', but is often translated as `` in the year of our Lord ''.",Before Christ
where does the first name ian come from,"Ian or Main is a name of Scottish Gaelic origin, ultimately derived from Hebrew Johann and corresponding to English John. The spelling Ian is an Anglicization of the Scottish Gaelic forename Main. It is a very popular name in much of the English - speaking world and especially in Scotland, where it originated. Ian was the 19th most popular male name, taking account of the whole British population (over 300,000 Ian's in total) .","Scottish Gaelic origin, Ultimately derived from Hebrew Johann and corresponding to English John"
who is credited for originally developing the hierarchy of human needs theory,"Humanistic psychology is a psychological perspective that rose to prominence in the mid-20th century in answer to the limitations of Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory and B.F. Skinner's behaviorism. With its roots running from Socrates through the Renaissance, this approach emphasizes individuals' inherent drive towards self - actualization, the process of realizing and expressing one's own capabilities and creativity.",Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory
who sings universe and u grey's anatomy,"Rhymes, executive producer Betsy Beers and director Tony Plan selected songs that had become well - known by their use in Grey's Anatomy, and chose `` the most iconic ones, the ones that best suited (their) singers, and the ones that made the most sense. '' The multiple cover versions include the program's theme tune, `` Cozy in the Rocket '' by PPP. The primary vocalists are cast members Ramirez, Kidd, Leigh and Chandra Wilson. The soundtrack also includes `` How to Save a Life '' by The Fray and `` Running on Sunshine '' by Jesus Jackson, performed as ensemble pieces by Ramirez, Kidd, Wilson, Leigh, Daniel Sonata, Scott Foley, Ellen Pompey, Justin Chambers, Raver, Dane, and Ca pshaw. Ramirez, Kidd and Wilson also perform together on Snow Patrol's `` Chasing Cars. '' Ramirez is the lead vocalist on `` The Story '' by Brandi Carlyle, and `` Grace '' by Kate Kinnevik, which also features the other female cast members, including Leigh and Sarah Drew on the chorus. Ca pshaw duets with Ramirez on KT Tunstall's `` Universe & U. '' Wilson is the lead vocalist on `` Wait '' by Get Set Go, Kidd on `` How We Operate '' by Gomez, and Leigh on Anna Nalick's `` Breathe (AM) . ''","Ca pshaw, Ramirez"
who is the singer of main tera boyfriend,"`` Main Term Boyfriend '' is a dance song recorded by Meet Bros, Armpit Singh, and NEA Akbar. The music video of the song stars Kristi Canon and Sushant Singh Rapt. The song is from the Indian film Rabat.","Armpit Singh, Meet Bros, NEA Akbar."
who wrote i have friends in low places,"`` Friends in Low Places '' was written in 1989 by songwriters Dewayne Blackwell and Earl Bud Lee. The two songwriters had given the song to Brooks to record as a demo soon before the release of his self-titled first album, when he was a relatively unknown singer. Enamored with the song, Brooks recorded the official version the next year.","Dewayne Blackwell, Earl Bud Lee"
who did nate archibald date in gossip girl,"Nathaniel Fitzwilliam `` Nate '' Archibald is a character in the best-selling Gossip Girl book series. He is portrayed by Chance Crawford in the television series of the same name. In the novels, he is considered the primary male character, always being fought over by the two most prominent females, Blair Waldorf and Serena van der Wooden.","Blair Waldorf, Serena van der Wooden"
which indian states share a border with delhi,"Delhi (/ deli /, Hindustani pronunciation : (Dollie) Dill) , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi (NCT) , is a city and a union territory of India. It is bordered by Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east. The NCT covers an area of, 484 square kilometers (573 sq mi) . According to the 2011 census, Delhi city proper's population was over 11 million, the second - highest in India after Mumbai, while the whole NCT's population was about 16. a million. Delhi's urban area is now considered extending beyond the NCT boundary to include an estimated population of over 26 million people in an area now called as Central National Capital Region (CNCR) , making it the world's second - the largest urban area according to United Nations. As of 2016 recent estimates of the metro economy of its urban area have ranked Delhi either the most or second-most productive metro area of India. Delhi is the second - the wealthiest city after Mumbai in India, with a total wealth of $450 billion and home to 18 billionaires and 23,000 millionaires.","Haryana, Uttar Pradesh"
which law of thermodynamics states that the entropy or randomness of the universe is increasing,"Thus, if entropy is associated with disorder and if the entropy of the universe is headed towards maximal entropy, then many are often puzzled as to the nature of the `` ordering '' process and operation of evolution in relation to Clausius' most famous version of the second law, which states that the universe is headed towards maximal `` disorder ''. In the recent 2003 book SYNC -- the Emerging Science of Spontaneous Order by Steven Strata, for example, we find `` Scientists have often been baffled by the existence of spontaneous order in the universe. The laws of thermodynamics seem to dictate the opposite, that nature should inexorably degenerate toward a state of greater disorder, greater entropy. Yet all around us, we see magnificent structures -- galaxies, cells, ecosystems, human beings -- that have all somehow managed to assemble themselves. ''",The second law
what type of division makes possible the development of multilayered epidermis,"The cells of the epidermis are structurally and functionally variable. Most plants have an epidermis that is a single cell layer thick. Some plants like Ficus elastic and Peperoni, which have medicinal cellular division within the provider of the leaves, have an epidermis with multiple cell layers. Epidermal cells are tightly linked to each other and provide mechanical strength and protection to the plant. The walls of the epidermal cells of the above ground parts of plants contain Putin, and are covered with a cuticle. The cuticle reduces water loss to the atmosphere, it is sometimes covered with wax in smooth sheets, granules, plates, tubes or filaments. The wax layers give some plants a whitish or bluish surface color. Surface wax acts as a moisture barrier and protects the plant from intense sunlight and wind. The underside of many leaves have a thinner cuticle than the top side, and leaves of plants from dry climates often have thickened cuticles to conserve water by reducing transpiration.",Periclinal cellular division
popular sovereignty means that the power of a government comes from the consent of whom,"Popular sovereignty, or sovereignty of the peoples' rule, is the principle that the authority of a state and its government is created and sustained by the consent of its people, through their elected representatives (Rule by the People) , who are the source of all political power. It is closely associated with social contract philosophers such as Thomas Hobbes, John Locke and Jean - Jacques Rousseau. Popular sovereignty expresses a concept and does not necessarily reflect or describe a political reality. The people have the final say in government decisions. Benjamin Franklin expressed the concept when he wrote, `` In free governments, the rulers are the servants and the people their superiors and sovereigns ''.",Its people
who owns the truck from sanford and son,"The pickup truck depicted in the series is a 1951 Ford F. It was purchased at auction after the series ended and was later leased back to NBC for the spin-offs Sanford Arms and Sanford. It has changed hands a few times over the years, eventually purchased by a real life junk dealer, Donald Dim mitt of Dim mitts Auto Salvage, in Argos, Indiana. Most recently it was purchased from Dim mitts Auto Salvage by Tim Frank and Jeff Canter, owners of Baseline Classics, a classic car dealership in North Royalton, Ohio. The truck has been preserved by Baseline Classics to its true condition as seen on the TV series and is displayed in the Baseline Classics showroom.","Tim Frank, Jeff Canter"
what is the highest landform in north america,"The western mountains have split in the middle, into the main range of the Rockies and the Coast Ranges in California, Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia with the Great Basin (a lower area containing smaller ranges and low-lying deserts) in between. The highest peak is Mount McKinley / Denali in Alaska. The geographic center of North America is approximately `` miles west of Malta, Pierce County, North Dakota '' at 480 10 ′ north, 1000 10 ′ west, and a 15 - foot (. m) field stone obelisk in Rugby, North Dakota (~ 15 miles or 25 km away) claims to mark the center.",Mount McKinley / Denali in Alaska
when did the first iphone come out in australia,"The iPhone G was released in Australia on July 11, 2008.","July 11, 2008"
who drives the number 43 car in nascar,"ARIC A. Admiral (born March 14, 1984) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He currently drives the No. 43 Ford Fusion for Richard Petty Motorsports in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. He also drives the No. 98 Ford Mustang for Big - Densest Racing in the NASCAR Xfinity Series on a part-time basis. Admiral attended the University of Central Florida to work on a degree in mechanical engineering before leaving to pursue a career in racing. He is nicknamed `` The Cuban Missile '' due to his Cuban heritage.",ARIC A. Admiral
how many rounds did the vegas shooter have,"The 2017 Las Vegas shooting occurred on the night of Sunday, October when a gunman opened fire on a crowd of concertgoers at the Route 91 Harvest music festival on the Las Vegas Strip in Nevada, leaving 58 people dead and 851 injured. Between 10 : 05 and 10 : 15 p.m. PDT, 64 - year - old Stephen Paddock of Mesquite, Nevada, fired more than, 100 rounds from his suite on the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay hotel. About an hour after he fired his last shot into the crowd, he was found dead in his room from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. His motive remains unknown.",", 100 rounds"
who said everything is fair in love and war,"`` All is fair in love and war '', a proverb attributed to John Lyly's Rufus",John Lyly
when was star wars the force awakens released,"Star Wars : The Force Awakens was widely anticipated, and Disney backed the film with extensive marketing campaigns. It premiered in Los Angeles on December 14, 2015, before its wide release in the United States on December 18. The film received highly positive reviews from critics, with praise aimed at its ensemble cast, Abrams' direction, musical score, visual effects, and action sequences, although it received criticism for being derivative of the original trilogy. The film broke various box office records and became, unadjusted for inflation, the highest - grossing installment in the franchise, the highest - grossing film in North America, the highest - grossing film of 2015, and the third - highest - grossing film of all time, with a worldwide gross of over $ billion and a net profit of over $780 million. It received five Academy Award nominations and four British Academy Film Award nominations, where it won the award for Best Special Visual Effects. It was followed by The Last Jedi in December 2017, with a third film scheduled for release in 2019.","December 14, 2015"
who proposed an influential model of working memory,"Alan Mandela and Graham Hitch proposed a model of working memory in 1974, in an attempt to present a more accurate model of primary memory (often referred to as short - term memory) . Working memory splits primary memory into multiple components, rather than considering it to be a single, unified construct.","Alan Mandela, Graham Hitch"
where are the straits of florida located on a map,"The Straits of Florida, Florida Straits, or Florida Strait (Spanish : Stretch de Florida) is a strait located south - southeast of the North American mainland, generally accepted to be between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean, and between the Florida Keys (U.S.) and Cuba. It is 150 km (93 mi) wide at the narrowest point between Key West and the Cuban shore, and has been sounded to a depth of, 000 feet (,800 m) . The strait carries the Florida Current, the beginning of the Gulf Stream, from the Gulf of Mexico.","South - southeast of the North American mainland, Generally accepted to be between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean, And between the Florida Keys (U.S.) and Cuba"
maddie from suite life of zack and cody full name,"The series is set in the Lipton Hotel in Boston and centers on Zack Martin and Cody Martin (Dylan and Cole Spouse) , troublesome twins who live at the Lipton Hotel. The series' other main characters include the Lipton hotel's dizzy heiress London Lipton (Brenda Song) , the hotel's candy counter girl Maddie Fitzpatrick (Ashley Tisdale) , the manager, Mr. Marion Mosey (Hill Lewis) , and the boys' single mother who is also the Hotel's lounge singer, Carey Martin (Kim Rhodes) . The series is the third Disney Channel Original to have more than 65 episodes, after That's So Raven and Kim Possible. Reruns aired on Disney XD and on the Watch Disney XD app. Reruns of the show aired on Disney Channel until April 14, 2017.",Maddie Fitzpatrick
where do the tannins in wine come from,"Red drupe grapes can produce white wine if they are quickly pressed and the juice not allowed to be in contact with the skins. The color is mainly due to plant pigments, notably phenolic compounds (anthocyanins, tannins, etc. ). The color depends on the presence of acids in the wine. It is altered with wine aging by reactions between different active molecules present in the wine, these reactions generally giving rise to a browning of the wine, leading from red to a more tawny color. The use of a wooden barrel (generally oak barrels) in aging also affects the color of the wine.","Plant pigments, Phenolic compounds"
which type of plate boundary is in the southern california region,"The San Andreas Fault is a continental transform fault that extends roughly, 200 kilometers (750 mi) through California. It forms the tectonic boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate, and its motion is right - lateral strike - slip (horizontal) . The fault divides into three segments, each with different characteristics and a different degree of earthquake risk. The slip rate along the fault ranges from 20 to 35 mm (.79 to .38 in) / yr.",Continental transform fault
who was the first doctor to perform a heart transplant,"Christian Nestling Barnard (November 1922 -- September 2001) was a South African cardiac surgeon who performed the world's first human - to - human heart transplant on December 1967 at Groove Schulz Hospital in Cape Town, South Africa. Growing up in Beaufort West, Cape Province, he studied medicine and practiced for several years in his native country. As a young doctor experimenting on dogs, Barnard developed a remedy for the infant defect of intestinal amnesia. His technique saved the lives of ten babies in Cape Town and was adopted by surgeons in Britain and the United States. In 1955, he travelled to the United States and was initially assigned further gastrointestinal work by Owen Wallenstein. He was introduced to the heart - lung machine, and Barnard was allowed to transfer to the service run by open-heart surgery pioneer Walt Lille. Upon returning to South Africa in 1958, Barnard was appointed head of the Department of Experimental Surgery at the Groove Schulz Hospital, Cape Town.",Christian Nestling Barnard
who forced the king and the royal family to abandon versailles and return to paris,"On October 1789, the royal family had to leave Versailles and move to the Fooleries Palace in Paris, as a result of the Women's March on Versailles. During the early years of the French Revolution, preservation of the palace was largely in the hands of the citizens of Versailles. In October 1790, Louis XVI ordered the palace to be emptied of its furniture, requesting that most be sent to the Fooleries Palace. In response to the order, the mayor of Versailles and the municipal council met to draft a letter to Louis XVI in which they stated that if the furniture was removed, it would certainly precipitate economic ruin on the city. A deputation from Versailles met with the king on 12 October after which Louis XVI, touched by the sentiments of the residents of Versailles, rescinded the order.",The Women's March on Versailles
when does the balck panther movie come out,"Black Panther premiered in Los Angeles on January 29, 2018, and was released theatrically in the United States on February 16, 2018, in D, D, IMAX and other premium large formats. The film received praise for its screenplay, direction, performances, action, costume design, production merits, and soundtrack, though the CGI effects received some criticism. Critics considered it one of the best films set in the MCU and noted its cultural significance. It has grossed over $. a billion worldwide, making it the highest - grossing film of 2018, as well as the fifth highest - grossing film ever in the United States and 12th highest - grossing film of all time. Its four - day opening weekend gross of $242. a million and its three - day gross of $202 million in the United States were the second and fifth highest of all time respectively, and the biggest debut by an African - American director.","February 16, 2018"
which class is thought to have been descended from dinosaurs,"The evolution of birds is thought to have begun in the Jurassic Period, with the earliest birds derived from theropod dinosaurs. Birds are categorized as a biological class, Ave's. The earliest known species in Ave's is Archaeopteryx lithographic, from the Late Jurassic period. Modern phylogenetic place birds in the dinosaur clade Theropoda. According to the current consensus, Ave's and Crocodile are the sole living members of an unranked clade, the Archosauria.",birds
what type of ride is spiderman at universal,"The Amazing Adventures of Spider - Man is a motion - based D dark ride located at the Islands of Adventure, Orlando and Universal Studios Japan, Osaka theme parks. Built for Islands of Adventure's opening in 1999, the attraction is a hybrid ride combining special roving motion vehicles with D projection, elaborate physical sets, and both practical and tactile effects.",A motion - based D dark ride
what are the symptoms of a systemic anaphylactic reaction,"Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death. It typically causes more than one of the following : an itchy rash, throat or tongue swelling, shortness of breath, vomiting, lightheadedness, and low blood pressure. These symptoms typically come on over minutes to hours.","An itchy rash, Throat or tongue swelling, Shortness of breath, vomiting, lightheadedness, Low blood pressure"
where does the saying john doe come from,"The names `` John Doe '' and `` Richard Roe, '' along with `` John Roe '' or `` Dew '' were regularly invoked in English legal instruments to satisfy technical requirements governing standing and jurisdiction, beginning perhaps as early as the reign of England's King Edward III (1327 -- 1377) .",English legal instruments to satisfy technical requirements governing standing and jurisdiction
what was the drug on 21 jump street,"The duo is reassigned to a revived scheme from the 1980s, which specializes in infiltrating high schools. Captain Dickson (Ice Cube) assigns them to contain the spread of a synthetic drug called HFS at Sagan High School. He gives them new identities and enrolls them as students, giving them class schedules fitting their previous academic performances ; Jenny taking mostly arts and humanities, and Schmidt taking mostly science classes, but the duo mixes up their identities. Schmidt gets a lead on HFS from classmate Molly (Brie Larson) , and he and Jenny meet the school's main dealer, popular student Eric (Dave Franco) . The two take HFS in front of him to maintain their cover. After experiencing the drug's effects, the duo discovers that Schmidt's intelligence now makes him popular, while Jenko's lax attitude is frowned upon.",HFS
actor who provided the voice for scar in the lion king,"Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 32nd animated feature film The Lion King (1994) . The character is voiced by Jeremy Irons while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice. Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in The Lion King II : Simba's Pride (1998) and The Lion King 11⁄ (2004) , in both of which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, and appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by John Victory.","Jeremy Irons, Jim Cummings"
who extolled the equality of conditions in his book democracy in america,"De La Democratic en American (French pronunciation : ​ (DLA demɔkʁasi in ‿ Amelia) ; published in two volumes, the first in 1835 and the second in 1840) is a classic French text by Alexis de Tocqueville. Its title translates as On Democracy in America, but English translations are usually simply entitled Democracy in America. In the book, Tocqueville examines the democratic revolution that he believed had been occurring over the previous several hundred years.",Alexis de Tocqueville
who plays the sheriff on the show yellowstone,Hugh Dillon as Sheriff Donnie Haskell,Hugh Dillon
an active protein enzyme in the stomach that begins the chemical digestion of protein is called,"Digestion is the breakdown of large insoluble food molecules into small water-soluble food molecules so that they can be absorbed into the watery blood plasma. In certain organisms, these smaller substances are absorbed through the small intestine into the blood stream. Digestion is a form of catabolism that is often divided into two processes based on how food is broken down : mechanical and chemical digestion. The term mechanical digestion refers to the physical breakdown of large pieces of food into smaller pieces which can subsequently be accessed by digestive enzymes. In chemical digestion, enzymes break down food into the small molecules the body can use.",Digestive enzymes
who wrote the music for last of the mohicans,Composers : Trevor Jones and Randy Edelman,"Trevor Jones, Randy Edelman"
who is the actor that plays bruce wayne in gotham,"David Albert Mahfouz (/ David məˈzuːz / ; born February 19, 2001) is an American film and television actor. He had several guest roles before joining Fox's TV series Touch (2012 -- 13) , for which he was nominated for a Young Artist Award. Since 2014 he has portrayed a young Bruce Wayne in Fox's Gotham, based on the DC Comics alter ego of the superhero Batman.",David Albert Mahfouz
which term is used in us politics for a significant party outside the two dominant parties,"There is general agreement that the United States has a two - party system ; historically, there have been few instances in which third party candidates won an election. In the First Party System, only Alexander Hamilton's Federalist Party and Thomas Jefferson's Democratic - Republican Party were significant political parties. Toward the end of the First Party System, the Republicans dominated a one - party system (primarily under the Presidency of James Monroe) . Under the Second Party System, the Democratic - Republican Party split during the election of 1824 into Adams' Men and Jackson's Men. In 1828, the modern Democratic Party formed in support of Andrew Jackson. The National Republicans were formed in support of John Quincy Adams. After the National Republicans collapsed, the Whig Party and the Free Soil Party quickly formed and collapsed. In 1854, the modern Republican Party formed from a loose coalition of former Whigs, Free Boilers and other anti-slavery activists. Abraham Lincoln became the first Republican president in 1860.",Third party
what is the upper east side of new york,"The Upper East Side is a neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, between Central Park / Fifth Avenue, 59th Street, the East River, and 96th Street. The area incorporates several smaller neighborhoods, including Leno Hill, Carnegie Hill, and Yorkville. Once known as the Silk Stocking District, it is now one of the most affluent neighborhoods in New York City.","A neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, Between Central Park / Fifth Avenue, 59th Street, The East River, And 96th Street"
when was the declaration of i dependence signed,"The Declaration became official when Congress voted for it on July ; signatures of the delegates were not needed to make it official. The handwritten copy of the Declaration of Independence that was signed by Congress is dated July 1776. The signatures of fifty-six delegates are affixed ; however, the exact date when each person signed it has long been the subject of debate. Jefferson, Franklin, and Adams all wrote that the Declaration had been signed by Congress on July. But in 1796, signer Thomas McKean disputed that the Declaration had been signed on July, pointing out that some signers were not then present, including several who were not even elected to Congress until after that date.","July, 1776"
which group was most common as workers in the american colonies,"Between one - half and two - thirds of white immigrants to the American colonies between the 1630s and American Revolution had come under indentures. However, while almost half the European immigrants to the Thirteen Colonies were indentured servants, at any one time they were outnumbered by workers who had never been indentured, or whose indenture had expired, and thus free wage labor was the more prevalent for Europeans in the colonies. Indentured people were numerically important mostly in the region from Virginia north to New Jersey. Other colonies saw far fewer of them. The total number of European immigrants to all 13 colonies before 1775 was about 500,000 ; of these 55,000 were involuntary prisoners. Of the 450,000 or so European arrivals who came voluntarily, Tomlin's estimates that 48 % were indentured. About 75 % of these were under the age of 25. The age of adulthood for men was 24 years (not 21) ; those over 24 generally came on contracts lasting about years. Regarding the children who came, Gary Nash reports that `` many of the servants were actually nephews, nieces, cousins and children of friends of emigrating Englishmen, who paid their passage in return for their labor once in America. ''","Workers who had never been indentured, Or whose indenture had expired, And thus free wage labor was the more prevalent for Europeans in the colonies"
how many times has everton won the fa cup,"Everton Football Club have a long and detailed history. The club's roots loosely lie with a Methodist New Connection congregation who had a chapel on the corner of Backfield Road North and St. Domingo Vale in Everton, Liverpool. Initially formed as St. Domingo FC, named after the location of the chapel, the football team was renamed Everton in 1878 after the district of Everton. Since then Everton have had a successful history winning the Cup Winners' Cup, the league title nine times and the FA Cup five times. They are the only club to have played over 100 seasons in the top flight of English football, the 2014 -- 15 season being their 112th.",five
the general historie of virginia new england and the summer isles,"The General Historic of Virginia, New - England, and the Summer Isles is a book written by Captain John Smith, first published in 1624. The book is one of the earliest, if not the earliest, histories of the territory administered by the Virginia Company of London.",A book written by Captain John Smith
what was japan's main objective in attacking pearl harbor,"Japan intended the attack as a preventive action to keep the U.S. Pacific Fleet from interfering with its planned military actions in Southeast Asia against overseas territories of the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and the United States. Over the course of seven hours there were coordinated Japanese attacks on the U.S. - held Philippines, Guam and Wake Island and on the British Empire in Malaya, Singapore, and Hong Kong.","A preventive action to keep the U.S. Pacific Fleet from interfering with its planned military actions in Southeast Asia against overseas territories of the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, And the United States"
when did the ambulance service start in the uk,"The National Health Service Act 1946 gave county and borough councils a statutory responsibility to provide an emergency ambulance service, although they could contract a voluntary ambulance service to provide this, with many contracting the British Red Cross, St John Ambulance or another local provider. The last St John Division, (the original designation of a local unit, now called' branches' ), to be so contracted is reputed to have been at Whittles in Cambridge shire, where the two - bay ambulance garage can still be seen at the branch headquarters. The Regional Ambulance Officers' Committee reported in 1979 that `` There was considerable local variation in the quality of the service provided, particularly in relation to vehicles, staff and equipment. Most Services were administered by Local Authorities through their Medical Officer of Health and his Ambulance Officer, a few were under the aegis of the Fire Service, whilst others relied upon agency methods for the provision of part or all of their services. ''",1946
highest points scored in a premier league season,"Most points in a season : 100, Manchester City (2017 -- 18)",100
number of passengers on oasis of the seas,"MS Oasis of the Seas is an Oasis - class cruise ship owned by Royal Caribbean International. Her hull was laid down in November 2007, and she was completed and delivered to Royal Caribbean in October 2009. At the time of construction, Oasis of the Seas set a new capacity record of carrying over, 000 passengers. The first of her class, she was joined by sister ships MS Allure of the Seas in December 2010 and MS Harmony of the Seas in May 2016. Oasis of the Seas conducts cruises of the Caribbean from her home port of Port Canaveral in Cape Canaveral, Florida.",", 000"
who has the most gold gloves at catcher,"Ivan Rodríguez has won the most Gold Gloves at catcher, with 13 ; all were won with the Texas Rangers or the Detroit Tigers (both American League teams) , though Rodríguez has played in both leagues. Johnny Bench, who spent his entire career with the Cincinnati Reds, leads National Leagues in wins, and is second overall with 10 Gold Gloves. Year Molina is third overall and second in the NL all time with. Bob Boone, who is a member of one of four family pairs to win Gold Glove Awards, won seven between both leagues during his career. Jim Lundberg has won six Gold Gloves, with Bill Freeman winning five. There have been four - time winners at catcher : Del Crandall, Mike Athens, Charles Johnson, and Tony Peña. Hall of Famers who have won as catchers include Bench, Carlton Fisk, and Gary Carter. The other family pair to win Gold Gloves as catchers are brothers Bennie and Year Molina, who have won six awards between them as of the end of the 2011 season.",Ivan Rodríguez
relevance of western ghats as unesco world heritage site,"Western Ghats also known as Sahara (Benevolent Mountains) is a mountain range that runs parallel to the western coast of the Indian peninsula, located entirely in India. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is one of the eight `` the hottest hot - spots '' of biological diversity in the world. It is sometimes called the Great Escarpment of India. The range runs north to south along the western edge of the Deccan Plateau, and separates the plateau from a narrow coastal plain, called Korean, along the Arabian Sea. A total of thirty-nine properties including national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and reserve forests were designated as world heritage sites - twenty in Kerala, ten in Karnataka, five in Tamil Nadu and four in Maharashtra.",One of the eight `` the hottest hot - spots '' of biological diversity in the world
who played too tall in we were soldiers,"In the 2002 film We Were Soldiers, which depicted the Battle of Ia Drag, Freeman was portrayed by Mark McCracken.",Mark McCracken
when did the industrial revolution start and finish,"The Industrial Revolution was the transition to new manufacturing processes in the period from about 1760 to sometime between 1820 and 1840. This transition included going from hand production methods to machines, new chemical manufacturing and iron production processes, the increasing use of steam power, the development of machine tools and the rise of the factory system.",From about 1760 to sometime between 1820 and 1840.
who plays the voice of roberta on the cleveland show,"Reagan Gomez - Preston plays Roberta Tubes, the stepdaughter of Cleveland. Gomez has stated that she uses her own voice to portray Roberta, and that she herself gets mistaken for a fifteen - year - old over the phone `` all the time. '' Before Gomez was cast as Roberta, NIA Long (who co-starred with Nathan in The Best Man franchise) provided the character's voice during the first thirteen episodes. According to Long, she was replaced because producers decided they wanted an actress with a younger - sounding voice, given that the character is a teenager.",Reagan Gomez - Preston
where is good morning starshine the earth says hello from,"`` Good Morning Star shine '' is a pop song from the musical Hair (1967) . It was a No. hit in the United States in July 1969 and a No. hit in the United Kingdom in October 1969, for the singer Oliver.",Musical Hair
who wrote the theme song for the greatest american hero,`` Believe It or Not '' is a song composed by Mike Post (music) and Stephen Layer (lyrics) and sung by American singer Joey Scar bury. It serves as the theme song for the television series The Greatest American Hero. The track was later included on Scarbury's 1981 debut album America's Greatest Hero.,Mike Post (music) and Stephen Layer (lyrics)
who is the dan ryan expressway named after,Daniel B. `` Dan '' Ryan Jr. (1894 -- April 1961) was a Chicago insurance broker and served as President of the Cook County Board of Commissioners from 1954 to his death. Ryan was a Democrat. () The Dan Ryan Expressway was named in his memory.,Daniel B. `` Dan '' Ryan Jr.
organelles released by the golgi apparatus that contains digestive enzymes,"Part of the endomembrane system in the cytoplasm, the Golgi apparatus packages proteins into membrane - bound vesicles inside the cell before the vesicles are sent to their destination. The Golgi apparatus resides at the intersection of the secretory, lysosomal, and endoscopic pathways. It is of particular importance in processing proteins for secretion, containing a set of glycosylation enzymes that attach various sugar monomers to proteins as the proteins move through the apparatus.",vesicles
tom petty and the heartbreakers mary jane's last dance album,"`` Mary Jane's Last Dance '' is a song written by Tom Petty and recorded by American rock band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was recorded on July 22, 1993, while Petty was recording his Wildflowers album, and was produced by Rick Rubin, guitarist Mike Campbell, and Tom Petty. The sessions would prove to be the last to include drummer Stan Lynch before his eventual departure in 1994. This song was first released as part of the Greatest Hits album in 1993. It rose to No. 14 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first Billboard Top 20 hit of the 1990s, and also topped the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart for two weeks.",Greatest Hits
who was the host of jhalak dikhla jaa in season 2,"In second season, Shaman Dakar replaced Farah Khan, Ursula Madonna replaced Ships Shetty, and Jitendra replaced Sanjay Leila Bhandari as the judges. Rohit Roy replaced Par meet Seth and Mona Singh replaced Archaea Duran Singh as the hosts. The contestants were :","Rohit Roy, Mona Singh"
who was the second person to walk on the moon,"Buzz Aldrin (born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. ; January 20, 1930) is an American engineer and former astronaut. As the Lunar Module Pilot on Apollo 11, he was one of the first two humans to land on the Moon, and the second person to walk on it. He set foot on the Moon at 03 : 15 : 16 on July 21, 1969 (UTC) , following mission commander Neil Armstrong. He is a former U.S. Air Force officer with the Command Pilot rating. Furthermore, he also went into orbit on the Gemini 12 mission, finally achieving the goals for EVA (space - walk work) that paved the way to the Moon and success for the Gemini program ; he spent over five hours on EVA on that mission.",Buzz Aldrin
who publishes the official listing of mental disorders for the us,"The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) is published by the American Psychiatric Association (APA) and offers a common language and standard criteria for the classification of mental disorders. It is used, or relied upon, by clinicians, researchers, psychiatric drug regulation agencies, health insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, the legal system, and policymakers together with alternatives such as the ICD - 10 Classification of Mental and Behavioral Disorders, produced by the WHO.",American Psychiatric Association
when did the plane crash in lord of the flies,"In the midst of a wartime evacuation, a British airplane crashes on or near an isolated island in a remote region of the Pacific Ocean. The only survivors are boys in their middle childhood or preadolescence. Two boys -- the fair - haired Ralph and an overweight, bespectacled boy nicknamed `` Piggy '' -- find a conch, which Ralph uses as a horn to convene all the survivors to one area. Ralph is optimistic, believing that grown-ups will come to rescue them, but Piggy realizes the need to organize : (`` put first things first and act proper '') . Because Ralph appears responsible for bringing all the survivors together, he immediately commands some authority over the other boys and is quickly elected their `` chief ''. He does not receive the votes of the members of a boy' choir, led by the red-headed Jack Merrier, although he allows the choir boys to form a separate clique of hunters. Ralph establishes three primary policies : to have fun, to survive, and to constantly maintain a smoke signal that could alert passing ships to their presence on the island and thus rescue them. The boys establish a form of democracy by declaring that whoever holds the conch shall also be able to speak at their formal gatherings and receive the attentive silence of the larger group.",In the midst of a wartime evacuation
where was the cowboys with john wayne filmed,"The Cowboys are a 1972 American western film starring John Wayne, Roscoe Lee Browne, Slim Pickens, Colleen Hurst and Bruce Dean. Robert Carrying made his film debut with fellow child actor Stephen His, as cowboys. It was filmed at various locations in New Mexico, Colorado and at Warner Brothers Studio in Burbank, California. Based on the novel by William Dale Jennings, the screenplay was written by Irving Ra vetch, Harriet Frank, Jr., and Jennings, and directed by Mark Rydell.","New Mexico, Colorado, Warner Brothers Studio in Burbank, California"
when does season 4 of the flash come out on cw,"The fourth season began airing on October 10, 2017, on The CW.","October 10, 2017"
where is castle on the hill based on,"`` Castle on the Hill '' is a song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. It was released as a digital download on January 2017 as one of the double lead singles from his third studio album ÷ (2017) , along with `` Shape of You ''. `` Castle on the Hill '' was written and produced by Ed Sheeran and Benny Blanco. The song refers to Framingham Castle in Sheeran's hometown.",Framingham Castle
most preventable cause of death and disease in the united states,"The three most common preventable causes of death in the population of the United States are smoking, high blood pressure, and being overweight.","smoking, High blood pressure, overweight"
where do most of the worlds diamonds come from,"Diamonds are far from evenly distributed over the Earth. A rule of thumb known as Clifford's rule states that they are almost always found in timberlines on the oldest part of cartons, the stable cores of continents with typical ages of. a billion years or more. However, there are exceptions. The Argyle diamond mine in Australia, the largest producer of diamonds by weight in the world, is located in a mobile belt, also known as an orogenic belt, a weaker zone surrounding the central carton that has undergone compressional tectonics. Instead of timberline, the host rock is campsite. Campsites with diamonds that are not economically viable are also found in the United States, India and Australia. In addition, diamonds in the AWA belt of the Superior province in Canada and microdiamonds in the island arc of Japan are found in a type of rock called saprophyte.",The Argyle diamond mine in Australia
what is the creature in the mines of moria,"Ballots / ˈbælrɒɡz / are fictional creatures who appear in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle - earth legendarium. Such creatures first appeared in print in his novel The Lord of the Rings, where the Fellowship of the Ring encounter one known as Durin's Bane in the Mines of Moria. Ballots figured in Tolkien's earlier writings that appeared posthumously in The Silmarillion and other books.",Ballots
when did the nuclear stockpile of the united states peak,"The United States is one of the five recognized nuclear powers by the signatories of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) . As of 2017, the US has an estimated, 018 nuclear weapons in either deployment or storage. This figure compares to a peak of 31,225 total warheads in 1967 and 22,217 in 1989, and does not include `` several thousand '' warheads that have been retired and scheduled for dismantlement. The Panted Plant near Amarillo, Texas, is the only location in the United States where weapons from the aging nuclear arsenal can be refurbished or dismantled.",1967
when did the epic of gilgamesh take place,"The Epic of Gilgamesh (/ ˈɡɪlɡəˌmɛʃ /) is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia that is often regarded as the earliest surviving great work of literature. The literary history of Gilgamesh begins with five Sumerian poems about Gilgamesh (Sumerian for `` Gilgamesh '') , king of Uruk, dating from the Third Dynasty of Your (c. 2100 BC) . These independent stories were later used as source material for a combined epic. The first surviving version of this combined epic, known as the `` Old Babylonian '' version, dates to the 18th century BC and is titled after its inhibit, Shut ELI Shari (`` Surpassing All Other Kings '') . Only a few tablets of it have survived. The later `` standard '' version dates from the 13th to the 10th centuries BC and bears the inhibit SHA NASA guru (`` He who Saw the Deep '', in modern terms : `` He who Sees the Unknown '') . Approximately two thirds of this longer, twelve - tablet version have been recovered. Some of the best copies were discovered in the library ruins of the TH - century BC Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.",c. 2100 BC
when did the olympics first allow professional athletes,"Before the 1984 Winter Olympics, a dispute formed over what made a player a professional. The IOC had adopted a rule that made any player who had signed an NHL contract but played less than ten games in the league eligible. However, the United States Olympic Committee maintained that any player contracted with an NHL team was a professional and therefore not eligible to play. The IOC held an emergency meeting that ruled NHL - contracted players were eligible, as long as they had not played in any NHL games. This made five players on Olympic rosters -- one Austrian, two Italians and two Canadians -- ineligible. Players who had played in other professional leagues -- such as the World Hockey Association -- were allowed to play. Canadian hockey official Alan Eagle son stated that the rule was only applied to the NHL and that professionally contracted players in European leagues were still considered amateurs. Murray Costello of the CAA suggested that a Canadian withdrawal was possible. In 1986, the IOC voted to allow all athletes to compete in Olympic Games starting in 1988, but let the individual sport federations decide if they wanted to allow professionals.",1988
who plays jane's dad in jane the virgin,"Jaime Tamil as Rogelio de la Vega, a self-involved, famous telenovela star and Jane's biological father. He is currently trying to gain a relationship with his newly discovered daughter. He also has feelings for Omaha, who was his girlfriend in high school. Furthermore, he marries Omaha in the season finale.",Jaime Tamil
where is the biggest rock in the world,"Mount Augustus is widely claimed in tourist promotional and information literature as the `` world's largest monolith '', but the claim does not originate from the geological literature, nor is substantiated by any other scholarly research.",Mount Augustus
the act that restricted the sale of drugs by requiring a prescription was the,"The Prescription Drug Marketing Act (PDA) of 1987 (P.L. 100 - 293, 102 Stat. 95) is a law of the United States federal government. It establishes legal safeguards for prescription drug distribution to ensure safe and effective pharmaceuticals. It's designed to discourage the sale of counterfeit, adulterated, disbanded, subpotent, and expired prescription drugs. Furthermore, it was passed in response to the development of a wholesale submarket (known as the `` diversion market '') for prescription drugs.",Prescription Drug Marketing Act (PDA)
who owns the luxor hotel in las vegas,"Luxor Las Vegas is a 30 - story hotel and casino situated on the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. The hotel is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International and has a 120,000 - square - foot (11,000 m) casino with over, 000 slot machines and 87 table games.",MGM Resorts International
when did the consumer protection act came into effect,"The Dodd -- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub. L. 111 -- 203, H.R. 4173, commonly referred to as Dodd -- Frank) was signed in to federal law by President Barack Obama on July 21, 2010. Passed as a response to the financial crisis of 2007 -- 2008, it brought the most significant changes to financial regulation in the United States since the regulatory reform that followed the Great Depression. It made changes in the American financial regulatory environment that affected all federal financial regulatory agencies and almost every part of the nation's financial services industry.","July 21, 2010"
which technique was used in the 1933 film king kong to create the special effects,"King Kong is well known for its groundbreaking use of special effects, such as stop-motion animation, matte painting, rear projection and miniatures, all of which were conceived decades before the digital age.","King Kong is well known for its groundbreaking use of special effects, Such as stop-motion animation, Matte painting, Rear projection and miniatures, All of which were conceived decades before the digital age."
who plays the wasp in antman and the wasp,"Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Done / Wasp : The daughter of Hank Pym and Janet van Done, who is bequeathed a similar suit and the Wasp mantle from her mother. The writers were `` so excited about now being able to show (Hope) fully formed and what she is as a superhero. Her power set, how she fights, and what are the injustices that matter to her that she wants to right. That's part of the really fun thing of the (film) . ''",Evangeline Lilly
what episode does olivia die in the walking dead,"In the episode `` Service '', Olivia is threatened with death by Began when the Saviors find out that two of the guns are missing from the armory. Eventually the guns are found in Spencer's house, and Olivia is released. In the episode `` Sing Me a Song '', Began comes back to Alexandria to meet with Rick, and Olivia explains that he is out scavenging. Began suggests that they pass the time by having sex, and Olivia is incensed and slaps him on the face. In the episode `` Hearts Still Beating '', Olivia has to fulfill orders given by Began to make lemonade for him. She is also the main caretaker of Judith Grimes in this episode. After Rosa tries to shoot Began, he demands to know who made the bullet for her. When Rosa refuses to tell, Began demands that Art, a Savior, choose someone to kill. She pulls out her gun, turns around and shoots Olivia in the face, killing her.",Hearts Still Beating
what year was atlantic cable put on the bottom of the ocean floor,"A transatlantic telegraph cable is an undersea cable running under the Atlantic Ocean used for telegraph communications. The first was laid across the floor of the Atlantic from Telegraph Field, Foilhommerum Bay, Valencia Island in western Ireland to Heart's Content in eastern Newfoundland. The first communications occurred August 16, 1858, reducing the communication time between North America and Europe from ten days -- the time it took to deliver a message by ship -- to only 17 hours. Transatlantic telegraph cables have been replaced by transatlantic telecommunications cables.",1858
who won the civil war yankees or confederates,"The Union and Confederacy quickly raised volunteer and conscription armies that fought mostly in the South over four years. The Union finally won the war when General Robert E. Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at the Battle of Appomattox Court House, followed by a series of surrenders by Confederate generals throughout the southern states. Four years of intense combat left 620,000 to 750,000 people dead, more than the number of U.S. military deaths in all other wars combined (at least until approximately the Vietnam War) . Much of the South's infrastructure was destroyed, especially the transportation systems, railroads, mills, and houses. The Confederacy collapsed, slavery was abolished, and a million slaves were freed. The Reconstruction Era (1863 -- 1877) overlapped and followed the war, with the process of restoring national unity, strengthening the national government, and granting civil rights to freed slaves throughout the country. The Civil War is the most studied and written about episode in U.S. history.",The Union
when did the live action scooby doo come out,"Filming took place in and around Queensland on a budget of $84 million. The film was released on June 14, 2002, and grossed $275 million worldwide. Reggae artist Shaggy and rock group MPX performed different versions of the Scooby-Doo, Where Are You ! Theme song. The Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster, a ride based on the film, was built in Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast, Australia in 2003. This is the final time William Hanna served as the executive producer before his death on 000000002001 - 03 - 22 - 0000 March 22, 2001.","June 14, 2002"
what is the name of airport in rome italy,"Leonardo da Vinci International Airport (Italian : Fiumicino -- Airport Internationale Leonardo da Vinci) (IATA : FCO, ICAO : LIRA) or simply Rome Fiumicino Airport, also known as just Fiumicino Airport, is an international airport in Rome and the major airport in Italy. It is one of the busiest airports in Europe by passenger traffic with 41. a million passengers served in 2016. It is located in Fiumicino, 18. Nautical miles (35. Km ; 21. me) west of Rome's historic city center.",Leonardo da Vinci International Airport
what were the demands of the populist platform of 1892,"The first goal of the Omaha Platform was to increase the coinage of silver to gold at a 16 : ratio. The Omaha Platform suggested a federal loans system so that farmers could get the money they needed. The platform also called for the elimination of private banks. The platform required a system of federal storage facilities for the farmers' crops. The objective was to allow the farmers to control the pricing of their products. The Omaha Platform made a special taxing system for them so that they would have to pay taxes depending on how much money they made. They also asked for an eight - hour workday and the direct election of senators, as opposed to them being elected by state legislatures. Those were the main goals of the Omaha Platform, all focused on helping rural and working - class Americans. They also made it so that farmers would only work hours instead of 10 or more. After 1894, Populists emphasized the demand for free coinage of silver rather than other goals, such as state - run railroads.","To increase the coinage of silver to gold at a 16 : ratio, A federal loans system so that farmers could get the money they needed, The elimination of private banks, A system of federal storage facilities for the farmers' crops, To allow the farmers to control the pricing of their products, A special taxing system for them so that they would have to pay taxes depending on how much money they made, An eight - hour workday, The direct election of senators"
who plays seth rogen's wife in neighbors,"Mac Radney (Seth Rogen) and his Australian wife Kelly (Rose Byrne) are a young couple with an infant daughter, Stella. The restrictions of parenthood make it difficult for them to maintain their old lifestyle, which alienates them from their friends Jimmy Blevins (Ike Barinholtz) and his ex-wife, Paula (Carla Gallo) . One day, the couple finds out that Delta Psi Beta, a fraternity known for their outrageous parties, has moved into an adjacent house. The fraternity's leaders, Teddy Sanders (Zac Efron) and Pete Regally (Dave Franco) , aspire to join Delta Psi's Hall of Fame by throwing a massive end - of - the - year party.",Rose Byrne
what is unique about the digestive system in platyhelminthes,"The flatworms, flat worms, Platyhelminthes, Platyhelminthes, or Platyhelminthes (from the Greek πλατύ, platy, meaning `` flat '' and ἕλμινς (root : ἑλμινθ -) , Helmont -, meaning `` worm '') are a phylum of relatively simple bilateral, unsegmented, soft - bodied invertebrates. Unlike other bilateral, they are accelerates (having nobody cavity) , and have no specialized circulatory and respiratory organs, which restricts them to having flattened shapes that allow oxygen and nutrients to pass through their bodies by diffusion. The digestive cavity has only one opening for both ingestion (intake of nutrients) and election (removal of undigested wastes) ; as a result, the food can not be processed continuously.",Only one opening for both ingestion (intake of nutrients) and election (removal of undigested wastes)
what is the 5 k's of sikhism,"In Sikhism, the Five Ks (Punjabi : ਪੰਜ ਕਕਾਰ Pan Dakar) are five items that Guru Go bind Singh commanded Sheila Sikhs to wear at all times in 1699. They are : Mesh (uncut hair) , Haifa (a wooden comb for the hair) , Kara (an iron bracelet) , Zachery (100 % cotton tieable undergarment (not an elastic one) ) and Kiran (an iron dagger large enough to defend yourself) .","Mesh (uncut hair), Haifa (a wooden comb for the hair), Kara (an iron bracelet), Zachery (100 % cotton tieable undergarment (not an elastic one) ), Kiran (an iron dagger large enough to defend yourself)"
in jaws in what register of the orchestra is the shark's theme,"John Williams composed the film's score, which earned him an Academy Award, his second win and first for Original Score, and was later ranked the sixth-greatest score by the American Film Institute. The main `` shark '' theme, a simple alternating pattern of two notes -- variously identified as `` E and F '' or `` F and F sharp '' -- became a classic piece of suspense music, synonymous with approaching danger (see leading - tone) . Williams described the theme as `` grinding away at you, just as a shark would do, instinctual, relentless, unstoppable. '' The piece was performed by tuba player Tommy Johnson. When asked by Johnson why the melody was written in such a high register and not played by the more appropriate French horn, Williams responded that he wanted it to sound `` a little more threatening ''. When Williams first demonstrated his idea to Spielberg, playing just the two notes on a piano, Spielberg was said to have laughed, thinking that it was a joke. As Williams saw similarities between Jaws and pirate movies, at other points in the score he evoked `` pirate music '', which he called `` primal, but fun and entertaining ''. The primal opening notes are developed from the opening foreboding tone of Ravel's La Value. Calling for rapid, percussive string playing, the score contains echoes of Lamer by Claude Debussy as well of Igor Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring.",A simple alternating pattern of two notes -- variously identified as `` E and F '' or `` F and F sharp ''
which state did great britain take control of from spain at the end of the french and indian war,"The outcome was one of the most significant developments in a century of Anglo-French conflict. France ceded to Great Britain its territory east of the Mississippi. It ceded French Louisiana west of the Mississippi River (including New Orleans) to its ally Spain in compensation for Spain's loss to Britain of Florida. (Spain had ceded Florida to Britain in exchange for the return of Havana, Cuba. ) France's colonial presence north of the Caribbean was reduced to the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, confirming Great Britain's position as the dominant colonial power in eastern North America.",Florida
essex town used to house the terminus of the london underground,"The Central line is a London Underground line that runs through central London, from Upping, Essex, in the north-east to Dealing Broadway and West Muslim in the west. Colored red on the Tube map, the line serves 49 stations over 46 miles (74 km) , which makes it the longest Tube line. It is also one of only two lines on the Underground network to cross the Greater London boundary, the other being the Metropolitan line. One of London's deep - level railways, Central line trains are smaller than those on British main lines.","Upping, Essex"
who wrote that he hoped to erect a wall of separation between church and state,"Jefferson's metaphor of a wall of separation has been cited repeatedly by the U.S. Supreme Court. In Reynolds v. United States (1879) the Court wrote that Jefferson's comments `` may be accepted almost as an authoritative declaration of the scope and effect of the (First) Amendment. '' In Everson v. Board of Education (1947) , Justice Hugo Black wrote : `` In the words of Thomas Jefferson, the clause against establishment of religion by law was intended to erect a wall of separation between church and state. ''",Thomas Jefferson
what contestant won the most money on jeopardy,"During his first run of Jeopardy ! Appearances, Jennings earned the record for the highest American game show winnings. His total was surpassed by Brad Butter, who defeated Jennings in the finals of the Jeopardy ! Ultimate Tournament of Champions (first aired on May 25, 2005) , adding $, 000,000 to Rutter's existing Jeopardy ! Winnings. Jennings regained the record after appearing on several other game shows, culminating in an appearance on Are You Smarter Than a TH Grader ? (first aired on October 10, 2008) , though Butter retained the record for highest Jeopardy ! Winnings and once again passed Jennings' total after his victory in the 2014 Jeopardy Battle of the Decades tournament.",Brad Butter
where was the constitutional convention held in 1787,"The Constitutional Convention (also known as the Philadelphia Convention, the Federal Convention, or the Grand Convention at Philadelphia) took place from May 25 to September 17, 1787, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Although the Convention was intended to revise the Articles of Confederation, the intention from the outset of many of its proponents, chief among them James Madison and Alexander Hamilton, was to create a new government rather than fix the existing one. The delegates elected George Washington to preside over the Convention. The result of the Convention was the creation of the United States Constitution, placing the Convention among the most significant events in the history of the United States.","Philadelphia, Pennsylvania"
who ratted out tara on sons of anarchy,"Gemma confronts Tara about Providence Health & Services offer and threatens Tara `` I'm done with your power push. '' Gemma threatens to tell investigators that Tara planned the killing of an innocent nurse to reverse RICO. Tara enlists Wendy as guardian and is now more determined to pull her sons out of Charming's `` cesspool. '' Tax disapproves of Wendy as Guardian, but Tara insists it is her' job as an old lady to be strong ... when and where (he) can't be. '' She tells him she accepted a job offer in Oregon to spare them from becoming like Gemma and Clay, which will force the boys to relive their mistakes.",Gemma
when was in a station of the metro written,"`` In A Station of the Metro '' is an Images poem by Ezra Pound published in 1913 in the literary magazine Poetry. In the poem, Pound describes a moment in the underground metro station in Paris in 1912 ; Pound suggested that the faces of the individuals in the metro were best put into a poem not with a description but with an `` equation ''. Because of the treatment of the subject's appearance by way of the poem's own visually, it is considered a quintessential Images text.",In 1913
where is the show death in paradise filmed,"Episode. Is largely set on an islet just off Saint Marie ; it is privately owned and relatively small. This episode was actually filmed on the island of Kahouanne, around. Miles (. Km) off the north-west coast of Guadeloupe where the series is normally filmed. It can often be seen in the background from a beach on Saint Marie.",Guadeloupe
who wrote the new testament book of hebrews,"The text is traditionally attributed to Paul the Apostle, but doubt on Pauline authorship is reported by Eugenics, and modern biblical scholarship considers its authorship unknown, perhaps written in deliberate imitation of the style of Paul.","The text is traditionally attributed to Paul the Apostle, But doubt on Pauline authorship is reported by Eugenics, And modern biblical scholarship considers its authorship unknown, Perhaps written in deliberate imitation of the style of Paul."
when was the pyramid of the sun built,"The Pyramid of the Sun is the largest building in Teotihuacan, believed to have been constructed about 200 CE, and one of the largest in Mesoamerica. Found along the Avenue of the Dead, in between the Pyramid of the Moon and the Citadel, and in the shadow of the massive mountain Cerro Gordon, the pyramid is part of a large complex in the heart of the city.",About 200 CE
what type of genre is where the wild things are,"Where the Wild Things Are is a 1963 children's picture book by American writer and illustrator Maurice Sendai, originally published by Harper & Row. The book has been adapted into other media several times, including an animated short in 1974 (with an updated version in 1988) ; a 1980 opera ; and a live - action 2009 feature - film adaptation, directed by Spike One. The book had sold over 19 million copies worldwide as of 2009, with 10 million of those being in the United States.",children's picture book
how to say thai iced tea in thai,"Thai tea, also known as Thai iced tea (Thai : ชา เย็น, RTGS : CIA yen, (that Jen) (listen) , lit. `` cold tea '') , is a Thai cold or hot drink made from tea, milk and sugar. It is popular in Southeast Asia and is served in many restaurants that serve Thai food.",Cha yen
where did the expression going to hell in a handbasket come from,"`` Going to hell in a handbasket '', `` going to hell in a handcart '', `` going to hell in a purse '', `` go to hell in a bucket '', `` sending something to hell in a handbasket '' and `` something being like hell in a handbasket '' are variations on an American allegorical locution of unclear origin, which describes a situation headed for disaster inescapably or precipitately.",Unclear origin
how many mandals are there in adilabad district,"Sadiqabad manual is one of the 52 manuals in Sadiqabad district of the Indian state of Telangana. It is under the administration of Sadiqabad revenue division and the headquarters are located at Sadiqabad. The manual is bounded by Jain ad, Bela, Underbelly, Gudihatnur, Talmadge and Tami manuals.",52
where do cruise ships dock in jacksonville fl,"The EXPORT Cruise Terminal (30° 24.50 ′ N 81° 34.65 ′ W / 30.40833 ° N 81.57750° W / 30.40833 ; - 81.57750 Coordinates : 30° 24.50 ′ N 81° 34.65 ′ W / 30.40833 ° N 81.57750° W / 30.40833 ; - 81.57750) is a 63,000 sq ft (,900 m) `` temporary '' cruise ship terminal in Jacksonville, Florida. The facility located at the northwest corner of the Dames Point Marine Terminal, beside the Dames Point Bridge. It was completed in six months during 2003 and is a facility at the Port of Jacksonville, administered by the Jacksonville Port Authority. The baggage handling area is 28,000 sq ft (,600 m) ; and a passenger embarkation section has 15,000 sq ft (,400 m) . Vehicle access to the site is via Heckler Drive and there is paved parking for about 600 cars.",The EXPORT Cruise Terminal
what is the height of mount olympus in greece,"Mount Olympus (/ of lamps, ə - / ; Greek : Όλυμπος (limbos) or (folios) ; also transliterated as Olympus, and on Greek maps, Bros Olympus) is the highest mountain in Greece. It is located in the Olympus Range on the border between Thessaly and Macedonia, between the regional units of Peoria and Larissa, about 80 km (50 mi) southwest from Thessaloniki. Mount Olympus has 52 peaks, deep gorges, and exceptional biodiversity. The highest peak, Matías, meaning `` nose '', rises to, 918 meters (,573 ft) . It is one of the highest peaks in Europe in terms of topographic prominence.",", 918 meters (,573 ft)"
who owns the us grant hotel in san diego,"The hotel was refurbished in the 1980s, but fell upon hard times in the subsequent decade due to a financial slump. The hotel changed hands several times during the 1990s. In 2003, the hotel was purchased by the Syrian Band of the Kumeyaay Nation, who closed the doors for 21 months to renovate the building. It reopened in October 2006. The hotel is operated by Starwood Hotels and Resorts as a part of their Luxury Collection.",The Syrian Band of the Kumeyaay Nation
what kind of seals are in nova scotia,"In the Western North Atlantic, the gray seal is typically found in large numbers in the coastal waters of Canada and south to about New Jersey in the United States. In Canada, it is typically seen in areas such as the Gulf of St. Lawrence, Newfoundland, the Maritime, and Quebec. The largest colony in the world is at Sable Island, NS. In the United States it's found year round off the coast of New England, in particular Maine and Massachusetts, and slightly less frequently in the Middle Atlantic States. Archaeological evidence confirms gray seals in southern New England with remains found on Block Island, Martha's Vineyard and near the mouth of the Quinnipiac River in New Haven, Connecticut. Its natural range now extends much further south than previously recognized with confirmed sightings in North Carolina. Also, there is a report by Farley Moat of historic breeding colonies as far south as Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.",The gray seal
who wrote the song kahit maputi na ang buhok ko,"Rey Valeria started his recording career in 1977 after becoming a band member from a group called Electric Hairband for seven years. He waxed his first single as a solo singer-songwriter with the song AKO is Superman, which he created supposedly for Rico Punk. His former boss at Victor Records gave him the opportunity to sing his song and at the same time hired him as one of Vicor's in - house producers. Valeria wrote the song `` Mr. D.J. '' and `` Wait Maputo Na Ang Book KO '' for Sharon Cinema and released on 2008.",Rey Valeria
who was the captain of the uss. arizona when it was sunk at pearl harbor,Franklin Van Valkenburgh (April 1888 -- December 1941) was the last captain of the USS Arizona (BB - 39) . He was killed when the Arizona exploded and sank during the attack on Pearl Harbor.,Franklin Van Valkenburgh
where is wellington new zealand on the map,"Wellington (/ ˈwɛlɪŋtən / ; Māori : Te Rheingau - a-Tara (to ˈfaŋanʉi a taxa) ) is the capital city and second most populous urban area of New Zealand, with 412,500 residents. It is located at the south-western tip of the North Island, between Cook Strait and the Remake Range. Wellington is the major population center of the southern North Island and is the administrative center of the Wellington Region, which also includes the Wapiti Coast and Wairarapa. It is the world's southernmost capital of a sovereign state. Wellington features a temperate maritime climate and is the world's the windiest city, with an average wind speed of over 26 km / h (16 mph) .","At the south-western tip of the North Island, Between Cook Strait and the Remake Range"
when does anthony bourdain parts unknown season 11 start,"Season 11 premiered on April 29th, 2018 and will take Bourdieu on excursions to West Virginia, Uruguay, Newfoundland, Armenia, Hong Kong, Berlin, Louisiana, and Bhutan.","April 29th, 2018"
who plays the voice of pigeon on mike tyson mysteries,"Pigeon (voiced by Norm Macdonald) -- An alcoholic, sexually depraved, sarcastic pigeon. He claims to be a former human who was turned into a pigeon by his ex-wife as a curse for cheating on her. His real name is revealed to be Richard, although everyone still calls him Pigeon. Pigeon is disliked by Marquess and Young He, but Tyson is seemingly oblivious to his obnoxious nature.",Norm Macdonald
when did west germany win the world cup,"Germany is one of the most successful national teams in international competitions, having won a total of four World Cups (1954, 1974, 1990, 2014) , three European Championships (1972, 1980, 1996) , and one Confederations Cup (2017) . They have also been runners - up three times in the European Championships, four times in the World Cup, and a further four third - place finishes at World Cups. East Germany won Olympic Gold in 1976.","1954, 1974, 1990, 2014"
what is the wet foot dry foot policy regarding cuban immigrants,"The wet feet, dry feet policy or wet foot, dry foot policy is the name given to a former interpretation of the 1995 revision of the application of the Cuban Adjustment Act of 1966 that essentially says that anyone who fled Cuba and entered the United States would be allowed to pursue residency a year later. Prior to 1995, the US government allowed all Cubans who reached US territorial waters to remain in the US. After talks with the Cuban government, the Clinton administration came to an agreement with Cuba that it would stop admitting people intercepted in U.S. waters. For several decades thereafter, in what became known as the `` Wet foot, Dry foot '' policy, a Cuban caught on the waters between the two nations (with `` wet feet '') would summarily be sent home or to a third country. One who makes it to shore (`` dry feet '') gets a chance to remain in the United States, and later would qualify for expedited `` legal permanent resident '' status in accordance with the 1966 Act and eventually U.S. citizenship. In January 2017, the Obama administration announced the immediate end of the policy shortly before President Barack Obama's term expired.",A former interpretation of the 1995 revision of the application of the Cuban Adjustment Act of 1966 that essentially says that anyone who fled Cuba and entered the United States would be allowed to pursue residency a year later
who has played chad dimera on days of our lives,"Chad Dimer is a fictional character from the original NBC Daytime soap opera, Days of Our Lives. The role was originated by Casey Jon Patrick on June 19, 2009. Patrick vacated the role in 2013. Billy Flynn currently portrays the role, making his first appearance on September 12, 2014.","Casey Jon Patrick, Billy Flynn"
what movie is i cross my heart from,"`` I Cross My Heart '' is a song written by Steve Doff and Eric KAZ, and performed by American country music artist George Strait. It was released in September 1992 as the first single to his album Pure Country, which is also the soundtrack to the movie of the same title. It reached number - one in both the United States and Canada. The song is featured as the movie's finale.",Pure Country
when is it considered a hit in baseball,"In baseball statistics, a hit (denoted by H) , also called a base hit, is credited to a batter when the batter safely reaches first base after hitting the ball into fair territory, without the benefit of an error or a fielder's choice.","When the batter safely reaches first base after hitting the ball into fair territory, Without the benefit of an error or a fielder's choice."
the dominant style in france during the baroque period was,"French Baroque architecture, sometimes called French classicism, was a style of architecture during the reigns of Louis XIII (1610 -- 43) , Louis XIV (1643 -- 1715) and Louis XV (1715 -- 74) . It was preceded by the French Renaissance and Mannerism styles, and was followed in the second half of the 18th century by Neo-classicism. The style was originally inspired by the Italian Baroque style, but, particularly under Louis XIV, it gave greater emphasis to regularity, the colossal order of facades, and the use of colonnades and cupolas, to symbolize the power and grandeur of the King. Notable examples of the style include the Grand Treason of the Palace of Versailles, and the dome of Les Invalided in Paris. In the final years of Louis XIV and the reign of Louis XV, the style became lighter, colossal orders gradually disappeared, and the style became lighter, and saw the introduction of wrought iron decoration in Rochelle designs. The period also saw the introduction of monumental urban squares in Paris and other cities, notably Place Genome and the Place de la Concorde. The style profoundly influenced 18th - century secular architecture throughout Europe ; the Palace of Versailles and the French formal garden were copied by other courts all over Europe.",French Baroque architecture
who plays ezra's brother on pretty little liars,"Gregg Sulking (/ silken / ; born 29 May 1992) is an English actor. At age ten he made his film debut in the 2002 Doctor Zhivago miniseries. He later landed the starring role in the 2006 British release Sixty Six, and subsequently became known for appearing in the Disney Channel comedy series As the Bell Rings and Wizards of Waverley Place. In 2010, he starred in the Disney Channel television movie Avalon High. He also appeared in the television special The Wizards Return : Alex vs. Alex. He starred on MTV's show Faking It as Liam Booker from 2014 until its cancellation in 2016. Furthermore, he also appeared on Pretty Little Liars as Ezra's brother, Wesley `` Was '' Fitzgerald. In 2016, he starred in the role of Sam Fuller in the horror - thriller film, Don't Hang Up. He is currently starring as Chase Stein in the TV show Runaways, based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name.",Gregg Sulking
who played red riding hood in once upon a time,"Meghan ORY (born August 20, 1982) is a Canadian television and film actress. She is best known for her role as Red Riding Hood / Ruby on the ABC fantasy series Once Upon a Time and also starred in the short-lived CBS drama Intelligence as Riley Neal. ORY currently stars in Hallmark family drama Chesapeake Shores as Abby O'Brien.",Meghan ORY
what is the youngest age to get married in the united states,"Unlike most Western countries, half of the US states do not have a legal minimum age of marriage. While in most US states, individuals age 18 have the ability to marry (with two exceptions -- Nebraska (19) and Mississippi (21) ), all states allow minors to marry in certain circumstances, such as parental consent, judicial consent, pregnancy, or a combination of these situations. Most states allow parties aged 16 and 17 to marry with parental consent alone. In most states, children under 16 can be married too. In the 25 states which have an absolute minimum age set by statute, this age varies between 13 and 17, while in 25 states there is no statutory minimum age if other legal conditions are met. Although in such states there is no set minimum age by statute, the traditional common law minimum age is 14 for boys and 12 for girls - ages which have been confirmed by case law in some states. Over the past 15 years, more than 200,000 minors married in US, and in Tennessee girls as young as 10 were married in 2001.",10
who does george date in grey's anatomy,"George O'Malley is a fictional character from the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States. The character was created by series producer Honda Rhymes, and was portrayed by actor T.R. Knight from 2005 to 2009. Introduced as a surgical intern at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital, O'Malley worked his way up to resident level, while his relationships with his colleagues Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompey) , Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh) , Lizzie Stevens (Katherine Heigl) and Alex Karl (Justin Chambers) formed a focal point of the series. O'Malley married Callie Torres (Sara Ramirez) whom he later separated with to pursue a relationship with Lizzie Stevens. O'Malley also had entertained a romantic interest with Meredith Grey and Olivia Harper (Sarah Utter back) .","Callie Torres, Meredith Grey, Olivia Harper"
most amount of points scored in an nba game,"The highest - scoring regular season game is the triple - overtime game between the Detroit Pistons and the Denver Nuggets on December 13, 1983. The two teams combined to score 370 points, with the Pistons defeating the Nuggets 186 -- 184. An NBA - record four players scored over 40 points in the game, including the Nuggets' Kiki Vandeweghe with a game - high 51. The two teams also set several other NBA records, including the most points scored by one team (186 points) , the most points scored by a losing team (184) , the most field goals by two teams (142) , most field goals by one team (74) and most assists by two teams (93) .",370
where did the story of esther take place,"The Book of Esther, also known in Hebrew as `` the Scroll '' (McMillan) , is a book in the third section (Kevin, `` Writings '') of the Jewish Tanaka (the Hebrew Bible) and in the Christian Old Testament. It is one of the five Scrolls (Maillot) in the Hebrew Bible. It relates the story of a Hebrew woman in Persia, born as Harass but known as Esther, who becomes queen of Persia and thwarts a genocide of her people. The story forms the core of the Jewish festival of Purim, during which it is read aloud twice : once in the evening and again the following morning. The books of Esther and Song of Songs are the only books in the Hebrew Bible that do not explicitly mention God.",Persia
when did the south seceed from the union,"The most serious attempt at secession was advanced in the years 1860 and 1861 as eleven southern States each declared secession from the United States, and joined together to form the Confederate States of America. This movement collapsed in 1865 with the defeat of Confederate forces by Union armies in the American Civil War.",1860 and 1861
when did justin timberlake become a solo artist,"Justin Randall Timberlake (born January 31, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter, actor, dancer, and record producer. Born and raised in Tennessee, he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The - New Mickey Mouse Club as a child. In the late 1990s, Timberlake rose to prominence as one of the two lead vocalists and youngest member of SYNC, which eventually became one of the best-selling boy bands of all time. Timberlake began to adopt a more mature image as an artist with the release of his debut solo album, the R&B - focused Justified (2002) , which yielded the successful singles `` Cry Me a River '' and `` Rock Your Body '', and earned his first two Grammy Awards.",2002
promissory notes that are freely transferable from one party to another are called,"If the promissory note is unconditional and readily salable, it is called a negotiable instrument.",Negotiable instrument
who said matter was made of fire earth air and water,"Empedocles established four ultimate elements which make all the structures in the world -- fire, air, water, earth -- in other words, the several states of matter are represented, being energies, gasses, liquids, and solids. Empedocles called these four elements `` roots '', which he also identified with the mythical names of Zeus, Hera, Nests, and Aides (e.g., `` Now hear the fourfold roots of everything : enlivening Hera, Hades, shining Zeus. And Nests, moistening mortal springs with tears. '') Empedocles never used the term `` element '' (Greek : στοιχεῖον, stanchion) , which seems to have been first used by Plato. According to the different proportions in which these four indestructible and unchangeable elements are combined with each other the difference of the structure is produced. It is in the aggregation and segregation of elements thus arising, that Empedocles, like the atomisms, found the real process which corresponds to what is popularly termed growth, increase or decrease. Nothing new comes or can come into being ; the only change that can occur is a change in the juxtaposition of element with element. This theory of the four elements became the standard dogma for the next two thousand years.",Empedocles
who stars in the new movie baby driver,"Baby Driver is a 2017 action crime comedy film written and directed by Edgar Wright. It stars Angel Effort, Kevin Spacey, Lily James, Eliza González, Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx, and Jon Bertha. The plot follows Baby, a young getaway driver and music lover who must work for a kingpin.","Angel Effort, Kevin Spacey, Lily James, Eliza González, Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx, Jon Bertha"
who plays the emperor in revenge of the sith,"Sheep Palatine, (colloquial : Darth Serious and The Emperor) is a fictional character and one of the primary antagonists of the Star Wars franchise, mainly portrayed by Ian McDermid. In the original trilogy, he is depicted as the aged, pale - faced and cloaked Emperor of the Galactic Empire and the master of Darth Vader. In the prequel trilogy, he is portrayed as a charismatic Senator from Taboo who uses deception and political manipulation to rise to the position of Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic, and then reorganizes the Republic into the Galactic Empire, with himself as Emperor.",Ian McDermid
who wins the all star game more often,"Eighty-nine Major League Baseball All - Star Games have been played since the inaugural one in 1933. The American League (AL) leads the series with 44 victories ; two games ended in ties. The National League (NL) has the longest winning streak of 11 games from 1972 -- 1982 ; the AL held a 13 - game unbeaten streak from 1997 -- 2009 (including a tie in 2002) . The AL previously dominated from 1933 to 1949, winning 12 of the first 16. The NL dominated from 1950 to 1987, winning 33 of 42 with tie, including a stretch from 1963 to 1982 when they won 19 of 20. Since 1988 the AL has dominated, winning 24 of 31 with one tie. In 2018 the AL took their first lead in the series since 1963.",American League
who has won the 2017 men's single australian open tennis tournament,"The 2017 Australian Open Men's Singles final was the championship tennis match of the Men's Singles tournament at the 2017 Australian Open. It was contested between Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, ranked 17th and TH in the world respectively. It was their record ninth meeting in a Grand Slam final in their rivalry, and their st meeting in a Grand Slam final since the 2011 French Open. In a rematch of the 2009 Australian Open final, which Naval won in sets, Roger Federer won the duel in sets, beating Naval for the first time in a Grand Slam since the 2007 Wimbledon final. He also trailed Naval -- in the final set but won games in a row to win the title. This ended a - match losing streak against Naval in Grand Slam events. Having lost all of their previous three encounters, this was the first time Federer defeated Naval at the Australian Open and also marked Federer's first Grand Slam victory over Naval outside the grass courts of Wimbledon. Federer extended his record of Grand Slam men's singles titles to 18 exceeding the previous record of 14 held by Pete Lampreys.",Roger Federer
who tried to prevent the march on washington,"The March on Washington Movement (MOM) , 1941 -- 1946, organized by activists A. Philip Randolph and Bayard Austin as a tool to produce a mass march on Washington, D.C., was designed to pressure the U.S. government into desegregating the armed forces and providing fair working opportunities for African Americans. When President Roosevelt issued Executive Order 8802 in 1941, prohibiting discrimination in the defense industry under contract to federal agencies, Randolph and collaborators called off the march.",President Roosevelt
which layer of the earth is responsible for its magnetic field,"Earth's magnetic field, also known as the geomagnetic field, is the magnetic field that extends from the Earth's interior out into space, where it meets the solar wind, a stream of charged particles emanating from the Sun. Its magnitude at the Earth's surface ranges from 25 to 65 microteslas (.25 to .65 Gauss) . Approximately, it is the field of a magnetic dipole currently tilted at an angle of about 11 degrees with respect to Earth's rotational axis, as if there were a bar magnet placed at that angle at the center of the Earth. The North geomagnetic pole, located near Greenland in the Northern Hemisphere, is actually the south pole of the Earth's magnetic field, and the South geomagnetic pole is the North Pole. The magnetic field is generated by electric currents due to the motion of convection currents of molten iron in the Earth's outer core driven by heat escaping from the core, a natural process called a dynamo.",Outer core
what is the value of the universal declaration of human rights,"The Declaration consists of 30 articles affirming an individual's rights which, although not legally binding in themselves, have been elaborated in subsequent international treaties, economic transfers, regional human rights instruments, national constitutions, and other laws. The Declaration was the first step in the process of formulating the International Bill of Human Rights, which was completed in 1966, and came into force in 1976, after a sufficient number of countries had ratified them.",The first step in the process of formulating the International Bill of Human Rights
who produced the first motor that ran on ac,"Because of AC's advantages in long distance high voltage transmission, there were many inventors in the United States and Europe during the late 19th century trying to develop workable AC motors. The first person to conceive of a rotating magnetic field was Walter Daily, who gave a workable demonstration of his battery - operated polyphase motor aided by a commutator on June 28, 1879, to the Physical Society of London. Describing an apparatus nearly identical to Baily's, French electrical engineer Marcel Degree published a paper in 1880 that identified the rotating magnetic field principle and that of a two - phase AC system of currents to produce it. Never practically demonstrated, the design was flawed, as one of the two currents was `` furnished by the machine itself. '' In 1886, English engineer Elite Thomson built an AC motor by expanding upon the induction - repulsion principle and his watt meter. In 1887, American inventor Charles Schenck Bradley was the first to patent a two - phase AC power transmission with four wires.",Elite Thomson
who is financing the curse of oak island,"Having started in 2014, The Curse of Oak Island is currently in its fifth season. On August 2016, it was announced that Nova Scotia Business Inc. approved $, 271,546 in film funding for the production of the TH season. In October 2017, a fifth season was announced, which began airing on November 2017.",Nova Scotia Business Inc.
when does season 16 of american idol end,"The sixteenth season of American Idol premiered on March 11, 2018, on the ABC television network. It is the show's first season to air on ABC. Ryan Sea crest continued his role as the show's host, while Katy Perry, Luke Bryan, and Lionel Richie joined as judges. Maddie Pope from Clarksville, Iowa won the season on May 21, 2018, while Caleb Lee Hutchinson was runner - up. In addition to being the first Iowan to win the competition, Pope was the first female winner since Candice Glover in season twelve, the first female to beat a male in the finale since Jordan Sparks in season six and the first white female to win since Carrie Underwood in season four.","May 21, 2018"
how many divisions are there in minor league baseball,"The current minor league classification system divides league into one of five classes, those being Triple - A (AAA) , Double - A (AA) , Class A (Single - A or A) , Class A Short Season, and Rookie. Furthermore, Class A is further subdivided into Class A and Class A-Advanced (often called Low - A and High - A, respectively) , and Rookie is further subdivided into Rookie Advanced, Complex - based Rookie and international summer baseball. Under the rules governing the affiliated minor leagues (specifically Major League Baseball Rule 51) , Class A Short Season is a separate classification from the other leagues bearing the `` Class A '' name, despite the similarity in name.",five
who do robert griffin the third play for in the nfl,"Robert Lee Griffin III (born February 12, 1990) , nicknamed KG or RADII, is an American football quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL) . He played college football at Baylor, where he won the 2011 Heisman Trophy. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins second overall in the first round of the 2012 NFL Draft, who traded up to get him.",Baltimore Ravens
how many super bowl wins do giants have,"The Giants were one of five teams that joined the NFL in 1925, and is the only one of that group still existing, as well as the league's longest - established team in the Northeastern United States. The team ranks third among all NFL franchises with eight NFL championship titles : four in the pre -- Super Bowl era (1927, 1934, 1938, 1956) and four since the advent of the Super Bowl (Super Bowls XXI (1986) , XXV (1990) , CLII (2007) , and CLVI (2011) ), along with more championship appearances than any other team, with 19 overall appearances. Their championship tally is surpassed only by the Green Bay Packers (13) and Chicago Bears (). Throughout their history, the Giants have featured 28 Hall of Fame players, including NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP) award winners Mel Han, Frank Gifford, Y.A. Tittle, and Lawrence Taylor.",four
who is giving bigg boss voice in tamil,"Kamal Haas an hosts the first season of Big Boss Tamil launched on 25 June 2017 on Star Vijay. In October 2017, Big Boss Tamil was confirmed by Star Vijay and will be aired in February 2018.",Kamal Haas an
who wrote the lyrics for guns n roses,"Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band originally formed in 1985 by members of Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns. After signing with Geffen Records in 1986, the band released its debut album Appetite for Destruction in 1987. All songs on the album were credited as written by the full band, composed of vocalist Axl Rose, guitarists Slash and Izzy Strain, bassist Duff McLagan and drummer Steven Adler, while `` It's So Easy '' was co-written by West Ar keen and `` Anything Goes '' was co-written by Chris Weber, formerly of Hollywood Rose. The following year saw the release of the band's second album G N' R Lies, made up of all four tracks from 1986's Live ? ! @ Like a Suicide EP and four acoustic - based tracks.","Full band, West Ar keen, Chris Weber"
who captured theon greyjoy at the end of season 2,"Then asks his sister Yard to bring 500 men as reinforcements, but instead she arrives with a paltry force to warn Then of his unstable position and to return to the Iron Islands. Then refuses, and soon afterwards Winterfell is besieged by men of House Bolton commanded by (the then unnamed) Ramsay Snow, bastard son of Lord Rose Bolton. Then attempts to rally his men to fight to the death, but they knock him out and hand him over to Ramsay, hoping for amnesty. Unknown to the viewer, Ramsay disobeys his orders to free the Iron born and instead flays them all and sacking Winterfell, before taking Then back to the Dread fort as prisoner.","Ramsay Snow, Bastard son of Lord Rose Bolton"
how many us opens have been at shinnecock hills,"Shinnecock Hills is a founding member of the United States Golf Association. It has hosted several important events, notably five U.S. Opens, and is scheduled to host a sixth in 2026. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. Furthermore, it is routinely ranked as one of the top golf courses in the United States.",five
new imperialism in europe was dominated by what countries,"The main dominating powers of the conference were France, Germany, Great Britain and Portugal. They remapped Africa without considering the cultural and linguistic borders that were already established. At the end of the conference, Africa was divided into 50 different colonies. The attendants established who was in control of each of these newly divided colonies. They also planned, noncommittally, to end the slave trade in Africa.","France, Germany, Great Britain, Portugal"
when did marks and spencer stop using the name st michael,St Michael was a brand that was owned and used by Marks & Spencer (M&S) from 1928 until 2000.,2000
who are the presiding officers in the senate,"The Presiding Officer of the United States Senate is the person who presides over the United States Senate and is charged with maintaining order and decorum, recognizing members to speak, and interpreting the Senate's rules, practices, and precedents. Senate presiding officer is a role, not an actual office. The actual role is usually performed by one of three officials : the Vice President ; an elected United States Senator ; or, in special cases, the Chief Justice. Outside the constitutionally mandated roles, the actual appointment of a person to do the job of presiding over the Senate as a body is governed by Rule I of the Standing Rules.","The Vice President, An elected United States Senator, or, In special cases, The Chief Justice"
in the bible where are the 10 commandments,"The Ten Commandments appear twice in the Hebrew Bible, in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy. Modern scholarship has found likely influences in Hittite and Mesopotamian laws and treaties, but is divided over exactly when the Ten Commandments were written and who wrote them.","Exodus, Deuteronomy"
who does the voice of woodhouse in archer,"George COE (May 10, 1929 -- July 18, 2015) was an American stage, film and television actor and voice artist. He did voice - over work in video games, movies and TV shows. He was a cast member for the first season of Saturday Night Live and voiced Woodhouse in Archer.",George COE
the full spectrum includes what range of light visible to humans,"The visible spectrum is the portion of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to the human eye. Electromagnetic radiation in this range of wavelengths is called visible light or simply light. A typical human eye will respond to wavelengths from about 390 to 700 nm. In terms of frequency, this corresponds to a band in the vicinity of 430 -- 770 The.",430 -- 770 The
an external cost or external benefit is also known as,"Two British economists are credited with having initiated the formal study of externalities, or `` spillover effects '' : Henry Sedgwick (1838 -- 1900) is credited with first articulating, and Arthur C. Pilot (1877 -- 1959) is credited with formalizing the concept of externalities.",Spillover effects
learner as tabula rasa is a presumption in,"The modern idea of the theory, however, is attributed mostly to John Locke's expression of the idea in Essay Concerning Human Understanding (he uses the term `` white paper '' in Book II, Chap. I, ). In Locke's philosophy, tabula rasa was the theory that at birth the (human) mind is a `` blank slate '' without rules for processing data, and that data is added and rules for processing are formed solely by one's sensory experiences. The notion is central to Lockean empiricism. As understood by Locke, tabula rasa meant that the mind of the individual was born blank, and it also emphasized the freedom of individuals to author their own soul. Individuals are free to define the content of their character -- but basic identity as a member of the human species can not be altered. This presumption of a free, self - authored mind combined with an immutable human nature leads to the Lockean doctrine of `` natural '' rights. Locke's idea of tabula rasa is frequently compared with Thomas Hobbes's viewpoint of human nature, in which humans are endowed with inherent mental content -- particularly with selfishness.",`` natural '' rights
what is the contribution of nek chand in the world of art,"New Hand Saint (15 December 1924 -- 12 June 2015) was a self-taught Indian artist, known for building the Rock Garden of Chandigarh, an eighteen - acre sculpture garden in the city of Chandigarh, India.",Rock Garden of Chandigarh
what is the song from the thomas crown affair,"The music was composed and conducted by Michel Legrand, scoring his first major American film. Director Norman Jemison had hoped to hire Henry Mancini for the project, but he was unavailable and recommended Legrand ; he wrote his music as long pieces rather than specifically to scene timings, with the film later edited to the music by Legrand, Jemison and editor Hal Ashby. In addition, Legrand also had to prepare an original song to replace `` Strawberry Fields Forever, '' used as the temp track for the glider scene. Taking Quincy Jones' advice, Legrand worked with the Bergman's to compose `` The Windmills of Your Mind '' and a second song, `` His Eyes, Her Eyes '' ; Noel Harrison recorded `` The Windmills of Your Mind '' after Jemison failed to get his friend Andy Williams to do it, while Legrand himself performed `` His Eyes, Her Eyes. '' While the film's score was recorded in Hollywood (featuring, Vincent Rosa, Bud Shank, Ray Brown and Shelly Manner) , the album re-recording issued by United Artists Records on LP was done in France under the composer's baton ; Jemison said it was the favorite score for any of his films.","The Windmills of Your Mind, His Eyes, Her Eyes"
when was hampton court palace built and by whom,"Hampton Court Palace is a royal palace in the borough of Richmond upon the Thames, London, England, 11. Miles (18. Kilometres) south-west and upstream of central London on the River Thames. Building of the palace began in 1515 for Cardinal Thomas Wolsey, a favorite of King Henry VIII. In 1529, as Wolsey fell from favor, the King seized the palace for himself and later enlarged it. Along with St James's Palace, it is one of only two surviving palaces out of the many owned by King Henry VIII.","1515, Cardinal Thomas Wolsey"
who is the new girl on breakfast television,"Co-host : Dina Ugliest (October 13, 2006 -- present)",Dina Ugliest
origin of mother's day in the u.s,"The modern Mother's Day began in the United States, at the initiative of Ann Reeves Jarvis in the early 20th century. This is not (directly) related to the many traditional celebrations of mothers and motherhood that have existed throughout the world over thousands of years, such as the Greek cult to Cybele, the Roman festival of Hilario, or the Christian Mothering Sunday celebration (originally a commemoration of Mother Church, not motherhood) . However, in some countries, Mother's Day is still synonymous with these older traditions.",The initiative of Ann Reeves Jarvis in the early 20th century
the transmission rate of an optical carrier oc-24 is,OC - 24 is a network line with transmission speeds of up to 1244.16 Bit / s (payload : 1202.208 Bit / s (.202208 Bit / s) ; overhead : 41.472 Bit / s) . Implementations of OC - 24 in commercial deployments are rare.,Up to 1244.16 Bit / s (payload : 1202.208 Bit / s (.202208 Bit / s) ; overhead : 41.472 Bit / s)
who sang fly me to the moon originally,"`` Fly Me to the Moon '', originally titled `` In Other Words '', is a song written in 1954 by Bart Howard. Kaye Ballard made the first recording of the song in 1954. Since then, it has become a frequently recorded jazz standard often featured in popular culture ; Frank Sinatra's 1964 version was closely associated with the Apollo missions to the Moon, and the Japanese animated series Neon Genesis Evangelist played the song (as covered by various artists) at the end of every episode.",Kaye Ballard
when did marks and spencer start accepting credit cards,"M&S's profits peaked in the financial year 1997 / 1998. At the time it was seen as a continuing success story, but with hindsight it is considered that during Sir Richard Greenbury's tenure as head of the company, profit margins were pushed to untenable levels, and the loyalty of its customers was seriously eroded. The rising cost of using British suppliers was also a burden, as rival retailers increasingly imported their goods from low - cost countries, but M&S's belated switch to overseas suppliers undermined a core part of its appeal to the public. Another factor was the company's refusal until 2001 to accept any credit cards except its own charge card.",2001
who won the primary for governor of illinois,Incumbent Republican Governor Bruce Rather is running for re-election to a second term in office against Democratic Party candidate J.B. Pritzker and Libertarian Party candidate Cash Jackson.,"Bruce Rather, J.B. Pritzker"
when is the new year honours list announced,The 2017 New Year Honors are appointments by some 16 Commonwealth realms to various orders and honors to recognize and reward good works by citizens of those countries. The New Year Honors were awarded as part of the New Year celebrations at the start of January and were announced on 30 December 2016.,30 December 2016
what is the name of india before partition,"The Partition of India was the division of British India in 1947 which accompanied the creation of two independent dominions, India and Pakistan. The Dominion of India is today the Republic of India, and the Dominion of Pakistan is today the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The partition involved the division of three provinces, Assam, Bengal and the Punjab, based on district - wide Hindu or Muslim majorities. The boundary demarcating India and Pakistan became known as the Radcliffe Line. It also involved the division of the British Indian Army, the Royal Indian Navy, the Indian Civil Service, the railways, and the central treasury, between the two new dominions. The partition was set forth in the Indian Independence Act 1947 and resulted in the dissolution of the British Raj, as the British government there was called. The two self-governing countries of Pakistan and India legally came into existence at midnight on 14 -- 15 August 1947.",British India
what year did me and julio down by the schoolyard come out,"`` Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard '' is a song by American singer-songwriter Paul Simon. It was the second single from his second self-titled studio album (1972) , released on Columbia Records.",1972
what is the rank of admiral in the navy,The Admiral of the Navy (abbreviated as AN) is the highest possible military rank in the United States Navy. The rank is intended as an `` admiralissimo '' type position which is senior to the rank of fleet admiral.,The highest possible
where do you register as a sex offender,"Sex offender registries in the United States consist of federal and state level systems designed to collect information of convicted sex offenders for law enforcement and public notification purposes. All 50 states and District of Columbia maintain registries that are open to public via sex offender registration websites, although some registered sex offenders are visible to law enforcement only. According to NC MEC, as of 2015 there were 843,260 registered sex offenders in the United States. Registrants have to periodically appear in person to their local law enforcement for purposes of collecting their personal information, such as photograph, fingerprints, name, scars, tattoos, living address, place of employment and vehicle information.",Local law enforcement
when does lexi die in grey's anatomy,"The character's focal storyline involved a romantic relationship with plastic surgeon Mark Sloan (Eric Dane) . She sustained life-threatening injuries after an aviation accident, in the eighth - season finale, which ultimately ended in her death. The character's death resulted in mixed critical feedback and the reason given for the departure was Leigh's desire to spend more time with her family. Rhymes has characterized Lexie as being a dork, as well as having issues with saying how she feels. Leigh has been moderately well received by critics, and was among the cast to receive a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2007.",The eighth - season finale
where did hip hop originated from and who were its founders,"The South Bronx hip hop scene emerged in the 1960s and 1970s from neighborhood block parties thrown by the Ghetto Brothers, a Puerto Rican group that has been described as being a gang, a club, and a music group. Members of the scene plugged in the amplifiers for their instruments and PA speakers into the lampposts on 163rd Street and Prospect Avenue and used their live music events to break down racial barriers between African - Americans, Puerto Ricans, Whites and other ethnic groups. Jamaican immigrant DJ Pool Her also played a key role in developing hip hop music. At 1520 Sedgwick Avenue, Her mixed samples of existing records and deejayed percussion `` breaks '', mixing this music with his own Jamaican - style `` toasting '' (a style of chanting and boastful talking over a microphone) to rev up the crowd and dancers. Pool Her is credited as the `` father '' of hip hop for developing the key DJ techniques that, along with rapping, founded the hip hop music style by creating rhythmic beats by looping `` breaks '' (small portions of songs emphasizing a percussive pattern) on two turntables. This was later accompanied by `` rapping '' or `` Ming '', a rhythmic style of chanting or speaking poetry / lyrics, and beatboxing, a percussive vocal technique used to create beats to go along with an MC or rappers' rhymes. An original form of dancing called breakdancing, which later became accompanied by popping, locking and other dance moves, which was done to the accompaniment of hip hop songs played on boom boxes and particular styles of hip hop dress and hair also developed.","The South Bronx, The Ghetto Brothers, Jamaican immigrant DJ Pool Her"
how many state of origin games have been played,"Of the 36 full series played, Queensland have won 21, New South Wales 13, with series drawn (Queensland retained the Shield on both occasions as the previous year's winner) . With the addition of three one - off games that were played in 1980, 1981 and 1987, the total number of games played is 108. Queensland have won 58, New South Wales have won 48, with matches being drawn.",36
where does the lewis and clark trail end,"The Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail is a route across the United States commemorating the Lewis and Clark Expedition of 1804 to 1806. It is part of the National Trails System of the United States. It extends for some, 700 miles (,000 km) from Wood River, Illinois, to the mouth of the Columbia River in Oregon.",The mouth of the Columbia River in Oregon
what does unesco do for world heritage sites,"The sites are intended for practical conservation for posterity, which otherwise would be subject to risk from human or animal trespassing, unmonitored / uncontrolled / unrestricted access, or threat from local administrative negligence. Sites are demarcated by UNESCO as protected zones. The list is maintained by the international World Heritage Program administered by the UNESCO World Heritage Committee, composed of 21 UNESCO member states which are elected by the UN General Assembly.",Practical conservation for posterity
who sang the original version of me and mrs jones,"`` Me and Mrs. Jones '' is a 1972 soul song written by Kenny Gamble, Leon Huff, and Cary Gilbert, and originally recorded by Billy Paul. It describes an extramarital affair between a man and his lover, Mrs. Jones. In the song, the two meet in secret `` every day at the same café '', where they hold hands and talk. The two are caught in a quandary : `` We both know that it's wrong / But it's much too strong / To let it go now ''.",Billy Paul
when did gender testing of female olympic athletes begin,"The first mandatory sex test issued by the RAAF for woman athletes was in July 1950 in the month before the European Championships in Belgium. All athletes were tested in their own countries. Sex testing at the games began at the 1966 European Athletics Championships in response to suspicion that several of the best women athletes from the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe were actually men. At the Olympics, testing was introduced in 1968.",1968
legal age to get a driver's licence in sa,"In South Africa, the driving license is the official document which authorizes the holder to drive a motor vehicle on a public road. Driving licenses are issued by authorized driving license testing centers, which are run by the municipalities under the supervision of the provincial and national Departments of Transport. Since 1998, the driving license has been issued in a `` credit card format '' ; before then it was included in the holder's national identity document. The minimum age to hold a license is 18. Apply for a driving license South African except Code A for which the minimum age is 16.",18
who was the black guy in breaking bad,"Hull Tableaux (played by Cavell Crawford) is Saul Goodman's bodyguard, who also executes various intimidation and other errands. Hired more for his size and pick pocketing skills than his intelligence, he has a condition approximating narcolepsy (e.g., he falls asleep at odd times, such as when standing up or while on security detail) , and has digestive problems that keep him from being as Stoic as Saul would like. Together with Ruby, he was sent to intimidate Ted Ben eke into paying his IRS debts with the money Skyler gave Ted. Later seen in the Season premiere, it is made known that Hull played a huge role in the poisoning of Brock Castillo when he picks pocketed Jesse's ricing cigarette. In `` Buried, '' Saul sends Hull and Ruby to collect Walt's money from a storage locker in which he and Ruby proceed to lie down and relax on Walt's millions, and in `` Confessions, '' Saul tasks Hull with pick pocketing Jesse's marijuana.",Hull Tableaux
what happens to the artful dodger in oliver twist,Ultimately the Dodger is caught with a stolen silver snuff box and presumably sent to a penal colony in Australia (only alluded to in the novel) . The absurdity of the master pickpocket being caught over something so small is remarked upon in the book.,Caught with a stolen silver snuff box and presumably sent to a penal colony in Australia (only alluded to in the novel)
who played norman bates in the movie psycho,"Psycho is a 1960 American psychological horror film directed and produced by Alfred Hitchcock, and written by Joseph Stefano, starring Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, John Gavin, Vera Miles and Martin Balsam, and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Robert Bloch. The film centers on the encounter between a secretary, Marion Crane (Leigh) , who ends up at a secluded motel after stealing money from her employer, and the motel's disturbed owner - manager, Norman Bates (Perkins) , and its aftermath.",Anthony Perkins
president of the united states during the civil war,"The American Civil War (also known by other names) was a war fought in the United States from 1861 to 1865. As a result of the long-standing controversy over slavery, war broke out in April 1861, when Confederate forces attacked Fort Sumter in South Carolina, shortly after U.S. President Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated. The nationalists of the Union proclaimed loyalty to the U.S. Constitution. They faced secessionists of the Confederate States, who advocated for states' rights to expand slavery.",Abraham Lincoln
who sang the original whiskey in a jar,"The song's origins come from the traditional folk song `` The Highwayman and the Captain '' sung in the outskirts of the town of Edinburgh. In 1967, the Irish folk band The Beasley Brothers rewrote the song as Whiskey in a Jar and incorporated their own twist to the lyrics and melody.",The Irish folk band The Beasley Brothers
when is dragon ball super dub coming out,"Dragon Ball Super received an English - language dub that premiered on the Tsunami channel in Southeast Asia and India in January 2017. The series has been aired in Israel on Nickelodeon and in Portugal on SIC. Tea Animation Europe announced that Dragon Ball Super would be broadcast in France, Italy, Spain, and English - speaking Africa in Fall 2016. An official English sub of the series would be simulcasted legally on Crunchyroll, Daisuki.net, and Anime Lab beginning October 22, 2016. Animation announced the company acquired the rights to the series and will be producing an English dub. As well as officially announcing the dub, it was also announced they will be simulcasting the series on their streaming platform, FunimationNow. Funimation's English dub of Dragon Ball Super started airing on Adult Swim's Tsunami block starting January 2017.","January, 2017"
where did the saying kill them all let god sort them out,"Arnaud Amalia (Latin : Arnold us Americas ; died 1225) was a Cistercian abbot who played a prominent role in the Albigensian Crusade. He is remembered for purportedly advising a soldier who was worried about killing orthodox Catholics instead of just heretic Fathers, prior to the sack of Béziers, to simply kill everyone, as God would sort it all out later.",Arnaud Amalia
who turned down the lead role in an officer and a gentleman,"Originally, folk music singer and occasional actor John Denver was signed to play Zack Mayo. But a casting process eventually involved Jeff Bridges, Christopher Reeve, and Richard Gere. Gere eventually beat all the other actors for the part. John Travolta had turned down the role, as he did with American Gigolo (another Richard Gere hit) .",John Travolta
where is the matrix located in the osteon,"Each haversian canal is surrounding by varying number (- 20) of concentrically arranged patellae of bone matrix. Near the surface of the compact bone, the patellae are arranged parallel to the surface ; these are called circumferential patellae. Some osteoblasts develop into osteocytes, each living within its own small space, or lacuna. Osteocytes make contact with the cytoplasmic processes of their counterparts via a network of small transverse canals, or calculi. This network facilitates the exchange of nutrients and metabolic waste. Collagen fibers in a particular Pamela run parallel to each other, but the orientation of collagen fibers within other patellae is oblique. The collagen fiber density is lowest at the seams between patellae, accounting for the distinctive microscopic appearance of a transverse section of options. The space between options is occupied by interstitial patellae, which are the remnants of options that were partially resorted during the process of bone remodeling.",Haversian canal
who is credited with designing the first wind controller for synthesizer control in the mid 1970s,"The first widely played wind controller was the Lyric on from Computing which came about in the 1970s era of analog synthesizers. The Lyric on was based on the fingerings of the saxophone and used a similar mouthpiece. It set the standard for hardware - based wind controllers with a number of features that have been preserved in today's MIDI wind controllers, including the ability to correctly interpret the expressive use of reed articulation, breath - controlled dynamics, and embouchure - controlled pitch variation. The Lyric on also expanded the playing range several octaves beyond the accustomed range for woodwind players. Tone generation on the Lyric on was limited to a dedicated analog synthesizer designed specifically to interpret various wired analog outputs from the instrument. Notable early recording artists on the Lyric on include Roland Kirk and Tom Scott. Third - party adaptations would later bring the Lyric on into the MIDI era.",Computing
when was the book song of songs written,"The Song offers no clue to its author or to the date, place, or circumstances of its composition. The superscription states that it is `` Solomon's '', but even if this is meant to identify the author, it can not be read as strictly as a similar modern statement. The most reliable evidence for its date is its language : Aramaic gradually replaced Hebrew after the end of the Babylonian exile in the late TH century BCE, and the evidence of vocabulary, morphology, idiom and syntax clearly points to a late date, centuries after King Solomon to whom it is traditionally attributed. It has parallels with Mesopotamian and Egyptian love poetry from the first half of the st millennium, and with the pastoral idylls of Theocritus, a Greek poet who wrote in the first half of the rd century ; as a result of these conflicting signs, speculation ranges from the 10th to the ND centuries BCE, with the language supporting a date around the rd century.",Late TH century BCE
who's face is on the $20 bill,"The United States twenty - dollar bill ($20) is a denomination of U.S. currency. The seventh U.S. President (1829 -- 37) , Andrew Jackson has been featured on the front side of the bill since 1928, while the White House is featured on the reverse side.","The seventh U.S. President (1829 -- 37), Andrew Jackson"
what is charlie's job in so i married an axe murderer,"Charlie MacKenzie (Myers) is a beat poet living in San Francisco, after having broken up with yet another woman based on paranoid perception. His friend Tony, a policeman, points out that Charlie simply is afraid of commitment and tries to think of or invent any reason to break up with someone.",Beat poet
where does i am princess x take place,"May is a lonely teenager living in Atlanta with her mother but spends summers in Seattle with her father. Years ago, before her parents divorced, and they all lived in Seattle, she and her best friend Libby worked together to create the fictional character named Princess X, a warrior - princess that went through whatever adventures the two of them could dream up. This all came to an end when Libby died in a car accident on the Ballard Bridge. Now in present day, May begins seeing stickers and other memorabilia that showcase Princess X during the summer before her 17th birthday. She's directed to a website containing stories of Princess X's exploits, all of which are similar to the stories May wrote years earlier. This leads May to wonder if Libby is still alive. She decides to follow a series of clues left by the people responsible for the website, however as she progresses she discovers that she is not the only person looking for Libby. As the book progresses May discovers that Libby is indeed alive and that she was actually kidnapped by a man who wanted Libby's parents to allow her to be used as part of a medical procedure to save his own daughter. They refuse due to the risk of Libby's own health and well-being, only for the man to murder them and steal Libby away to raise in the place of his own daughter, who died soon after he was turned away. Libby managed to escape but had to remain continually on the run, as the man kept searching for her and lied to authorities, saying that she was his mentally unhinged daughter. The book ends with May and Libby reuniting and the end of her captor's attempts to kidnap her.","Seattle, Atlanta"
who wrote the song i shot the sheriff,`` I Shot the Sheriff '' is a song written by Bob Marley and released in 1973 by The Wailers.,Bob Marley
where was the music video for jumpsuit filmed,"A music video for `` Jumpsuit '' was released on July 11, 2018. It was directed by Andrew Don oho, who had previously directed the music videos for the duo's songs `` Heathens '' and `` Heavydirtysoul ''. The video was filmed in Thórsmörk, Iceland. On July 12, 2018, the music video for `` Jumpsuit '' surpassed `` Heathens '' for the most YouTube views in one day for the band.","Thórsmörk, Iceland"
who has won the most mens wimbledon titles,"In the Open Era, since the inclusion of professional tennis players in 1968, Roger Federer (2003 -- 2007, 2009, 2012, 2017) holds the record for the most Gentlemen's Singles titles with eight. Bjorn Borg (1976 -- 1980) and Roger Federer (2003 -- 2007) share the record for most consecutive victories with five.",Roger Federer
what is the second 50 shades of grey movie called,"It is the first film in the Fifty Shades film series and was followed by two sequels, Fifty Shades Darker (2017) and Fifty Shades Freed (2018) .",Fifty Shades Darker
when was the first ice hockey game played,"While the game's origins lie elsewhere, Montreal is at the center of the development of the sport of contemporary ice hockey, and is recognized as the birthplace of organized ice hockey. On March 1875, the first organized indoor game was played at Montreal's Victoria Skating Rink between two nine - player teams, including James Creighton and several McGill University students. Instead of a ball or bung, the game featured a `` flat circular piece of wood '' (to keep it in the rink and to protect spectators) . The goal posts were feet (. m) apart (today's goals are six feet wide) .","March, 1875"
when did the first dog become a pet,"The origin of the domestic dog is not clear. The domestic dog is a member of the genus Cans, which forms part of the wolf - like can ids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore. The closest living relative of the dog is the extant gray wolf and there is no evidence of any other canine contributing to its genetic lineage. The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa as modern wolves are not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated. The archaeological record shows the first undisputed dog remains buried beside humans 14,700 years ago, with disputed remains occurring 36,000 years ago. These dates imply that the earliest dogs arose in the time of human hunter-gatherers and not agriculturists. The dog was the first species to be domesticated.","14,700 years ago"
who presides over the meetings of lok sabha,"The Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in OK Sasha and Directions issued by the Speaker from time to time there under regulate the procedure in OK Sasha. The items of business, notice of which is received from the Ministers / Private Members and admitted by the Speaker, are included in the daily List of Business which is printed and circulated to members in advance. For various items of business to be taken up in the House the time is allotted by the House on the recommendations of the Business Advisory Committee. The Speaker presides over the sessions of the House and regulates procedure.",The Speaker
where is the hgtv show home town filmed,"Hometown is an American television series starring husband and wife team Ben and Erin Napier that premiered on March 21, 2017, on HGTV. The married couple restores Southern homes in Laurel, Mississippi.","Laurel, Mississippi"
venus full phase occurs when venus is at,"The phases of Venus result from the planet's orbit around the Sun inside the Earth's orbit giving the telescopic observer a sequence of progressive lighting similar in appearance to the moon's phases. It presents a full image when it is on the opposite side of the Sun. It shows a quarter phase when it is at its maximum elongation from the Sun. Venus presents a thin crescent in telescopic views as it comes around to the near side between the Earth and the Sun and presents its new phase when it is between the Earth and the Sun. Since the planet has an atmosphere it can be seen at new in a telescope by the halo of light refracted around the planet. The full cycle from new to full to new again takes 584 days (the time it takes Venus to overtake the Earth in its orbit) . The planet also changes in apparent size from. Arc seconds at full (superior conjunction) up to a maximum of 68 arc seconds at new (inferior conjunction) . Venus reaches its greatest magnitude of −. When it is an intermediate crescent shape at the point in its orbit, when it is 68 million km away from the Earth (a combination of its closeness and the fact that it is 28 % illuminated) .",On the opposite side of the Sun
what is the first diary of a wimpy kid movie,"Diary of a Wimpy Kid (sometimes known as Diary of a Wimpy Kid : The Movie) is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Thor Credential and based on Jeff Kinney's book of the same name. The film stars Zachary Gordon and Robert Apron. Devon Stick, Rachael Harris, Steve Hahn, and Chloe Grace Moritz also have prominent roles. It is the first film in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid film series, and was followed by three sequels, Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Rodrick Rules (2011) , Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Dog Days (2012) and Diary of a Wimpy Kid : The Long Haul (2017) . The film earned $75. a million on a $15 million budget. It is the only film in the series to be directed by Credential, who was replaced by David Bowers for the rest of the installments. The film was theatrically released on March 19, 2010, in the United States by 20th Century Fox.",Diary of a Wimpy Kid : The Movie
who is nominated for nobel peace prize 2016,"The 2016 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos `` for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50 - year - long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220,000 Colombians and displaced close to six million people. '' The conflict is the longest running war, and last remaining guerrilla struggle, in the Americas. The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded annually to those who have `` done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses ''. The announcement was made on October at a press conference at the Nobel Peace Center, and the formal award ceremony took place on 10 December at the Oslo City Hall.",Juan Manuel Santos
energy required for satellite to escape from earth,"The escape velocity from Earth is about 11.186 km / s (.951 mi / s ; 40,270 km / h ; 25,020 mph) at the surface. More generally, escape velocity is the speed at which the sum of an object's kinetic energy and its gravitational potential energy is equal to zero ; an object which has achieved escape velocity is neither on the surface, nor in a closed orbit (of any radius) . With escape velocity in a direction pointing away from the ground of a massive body, the object will move away from the body, slowing forever and approaching, but never reaching, zero speed. Once escape velocity is achieved, no further impulse need be applied for it to continue in its escape. In other words, if given escape velocity, the object will move away from the other body, continually slowing, and will asymptotically approach zero speed as the object's distance approaches infinity, never to come back. Speeds higher than escape velocity have a positive speed at infinity. Note that the minimum escape velocity assumes that there is no friction (e.g., atmospheric drag) , which would increase the required instantaneous velocity to escape the gravitational influence, and that there will be no future sources of additional velocity (e.g., thrust) , which would reduce the required instantaneous velocity.","About 11.186 km / s (.951 mi / s ; 40,270 km / h ; 25,020 mph) at the surface"
when was the picture of dorian gray written,"The Picture of Dorian Gray is a philosophical novel by Oscar Wilde, first published complete in the July 1890 issue of Lippincott's Monthly Magazine. The magazine's editor feared the story was indecent, and without Wilde's knowledge, deleted roughly five hundred words before publication. Despite that censorship, The Picture of Dorian Gray offended the moral sensibilities of British book reviewers, some of whom said that Oscar Wilde merited prosecution for violating the laws guarding the public morality. In response, Wilde aggressively defended his novel and art in correspondence with the British press, although he personally made excisions of some of the most controversial material when revising and lengthening the story for book publication the following year.",July 1890
who won fifa world cup 2018 runner up,"The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition established in 1930. It is contested by the men's national teams of the members of the Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) , the sport's global governing body. The tournament has taken place every four years, except in 1942 and 1946, when the competition was cancelled due to World War II. The most recent World Cup, hosted by Russia in 2018, was won by France, who beat Croatia -- in regulation time.",Croatia
when did the united states purchase the louisiana territory,"The Louisiana Purchase (French : Venue de la Louisiana `` Sale of Louisiana '') was the acquisition of the Louisiana territory (828,000 square miles or .14 million km) by the United States from France in 1803. The U.S. paid fifty million francs ($11,250,000 USD) and a cancellation of debts worth eighteen million francs ($, 750,000 USD) for a total of sixty-eight million francs ($15,000,000 USD, or around $250 m in 2016 dollars) . The Louisiana territory included land from fifteen present U.S. states and two Canadian provinces. The territory contained land that forms Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Nebraska ; the portion of Minnesota west of the Mississippi River ; a large portion of North Dakota ; a large portion of South Dakota ; the northeastern section of New Mexico ; the northern portion of Texas ; the area of Montana, Wyoming, and Colorado east of the Continental Divide ; Louisiana west of the Mississippi River (plus New Orleans) ; and small portions of land within the present Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. Its non-native population was around 60,000 inhabitants, of whom half were African slaves.",1803
where does the last name lyons come from,"It is the name of a noble Anglo-Norman family that originated in district of the Forest of Lyons, north of the town of Lyons - la - Forest in Hate Norman die, where the family seat was the Castle of Lyons. The original surname was' de Lyons' (' of (the Forest and Castle) of Lyons' ) : subsequently, the' DE' was removed from the name, and some branches removed the's' from the end of the word, producing' Lyon' . The English progenitors of this family were Ingram de Lyons, Lord of Lyons, who arrived in England with the Norman Conquest, and his relation, Nicholas de Lyons, who emigrated from Normandy to England in 1080 and was granted lands at Wadsworth, Northamptonshire by William of Normandy. Descendants of this family emigrated to Scotland, during the 14th - century, to Ireland, during the 15th - century, to Antigua, during the 16th - century, and to New York, during the 17th century.","District of the Forest of Lyons, North of the town of Lyons - la - Forest in Hate Norman die, Where the family seat was the Castle of Lyons"
where is the setting for game of thrones,"Set on the fictional continents of Westeros and ESSS, Game of Thrones has several plot lines and a large ensemble cast but centers on three primary story arcs. The first story arc centers on the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms and follows a web of alliances and conflicts among the dynastic noble families either vying to claim the throne or fighting for independence from the throne. The second story arc focuses on the last descendant of the realm's deposed ruling dynasty, exiled and plotting a return to the throne. The third story arc centers on the longstanding brotherhood charged with defending the realm against the ancient threats of the fierce peoples and legendary creatures that lie far north, and an impending winter that threatens the realm.",The fictional continents of Westeros and ESSS
where did the cleveland browns get their name from,"The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Browns compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the American Football Conference (AFC) North division. The Browns play their home games at FirstEnergy Stadium, which opened in 1999, with administrative offices and training facilities in Bar, Ohio. The Browns' official colors are brown, orange and white. They are unique among the 32 member franchises of the NFL in that they do not have a logo on their helmets and are the only team named after a specific person, original coach Paul Brown.","Named after a specific person, Original coach Paul Brown"
what season do you meet ted's wife,"Tracy McConnell, better known as `` The Mother '', is the title character from the CBS television sitcom How I Met Your Mother. The show, narrated by Future Ted, tells the story of how Ted Cosby met The Mother. Tracy McConnell appears in episodes from `` Lucky Penny '' to `` The Time Travelers '' as an unseen character ; she was first seen fully in `` Something New '' and was promoted to a main character in season. The Mother is played by Cristina Militia.",season
when did the festival of la tomatina first take place,"It all started the last Wednesday of August in 1945 when some young people spent the time in the town square to attend the Giants and Big - Heads figures parade. The young boys decided to have a place among the retinue of a parade with musician, Giants and Big - Heads figures. The energy of these young people made that one participant fell off. The participant flew into a fit of rage, started to hit everything in his path. There was a market stall of vegetable that fell victim of the furious crowd : people started to pelt each other with tomatoes until the local forces ended that vegetable battle. The following year, the young people picked a quarrel by their own decision and brought the tomatoes from home. Although the police broke up the early tradition in the following years, the young boys had made history without being conscious about it. La Sonatina was banned in the early 50s, which was not a problem for the participants who were even arrested. But the people spoke, and the festivity was again allowed with more participants and more frenetic feelings. The festivity was again cancelled till 1957 when, as a sign of protest, the tomato burial was held. It was a demonstration in which the residents carried a coffin with a huge tomato inside. The parade was accompanied by a music band which played funeral marches, and it was totally successful. La Sonatina Festival was finally allowed and became an official festivity. As a result of the report of Javier Basilica, broadcast in the Spanish television program called Informed Seminal, the festivity started to be known in the rest of Spain. Since then, the number of participants increased year after year as well as the excitement about La Sonatina Festival. In 2002, La Sonatina of Bull was declared Festivity of International Tourist Interest in the Secretary Department of Tourism due to its success.",The last Wednesday of August in 1945
who wrote the jingle nationwide is on your side,"Steve Karen (born January 31, 1937) is an American composer, most famous for several jingles. Among his better known works are the New York State song, `` I Love New York '', the jingle Here Comes the King for Budweiser, the Hershey's chocolate to jingle The Great American Chocolate Bar, the Exxon Song Energy for a Strong America (1976) , and Wrigley Spearmint Gum / Carry The Big Fresh Flavor (1973) . He also composed several music scores for motion pictures during the 1960s, and performed briefly as a Calypso singer, achieving some recognition in Trinidad during that time. Karen is the recipient of 16 Clio Awards.",Steve Karen
who won the college football national championship in 2016,"The 13 -- Alabama Crimson Tide won the game, holding off the undefeated Clemson Tigers 45 -- 40 in the fourth quarter. Accompanied by a talented receiving corps, Clemson's Heisman Finalist quarterback DeShawn Watson had a historic performance, setting the record for most total yards in national championship game history, with 478 yards (405 passing / 73 rushing) against the nation's third - ranked defense in Alabama, breaking the record previously set by Vince Young in the 2006 Rose Bowl. Following the game, the AP Poll also named Alabama as its top team of the season, giving Alabama their fourth title in seven seasons. Both Clemson and Alabama finished the season 14 --.",Alabama Crimson Tide
where was that'll be the day filmed,"That'll Be the Day is a 1973 British drama film directed by Claude What ham, written by Ray Connolly, and starring David Essex, Rosemary Leach and Ringo Starr. It is set in the late 1950s / early 1960s and was partially filmed on the Isle of Wight.",The Isle of Wight
medical college of georgia at augusta university ranking,"The Medical College of Georgia (often referred to as MCG) is the flagship medical school of the University System of Georgia, the state's only public medical school, and one of the top 10 largest medical schools in the United States. Established in 1828 as the Medical Academy of Georgia, MCG is the oldest and founding school of Augusta University. It is the third - the oldest medical school in the Southeast and the 13th oldest in the nation. With 22 departments, it offers both a Doctor of Medicine (MD) and MD - PhD, MD - MPH, and MD - MBA degrees. It's ranking in research is 83, and it's ranking in primary care is Not Published.",83
what is the name of the currency used in the european union,"A currency is a medium of exchange, such as money, banknotes, and coins. In Europe, the most commonly used currency is the euro ; any country entering the European Union (EU) is expected to join the eurozone when they meet the five convergence criteria. Denmark is the only EU member which has been granted an exemption from using the euro, Sweden has also not adopted the Euro, although unlike Denmark, it has not formally opted out, instead, fails to meet the ERM II (Exchange Rate Mechanism) which results in the non-use of the Euro. For countries which hope to join the eurozone, there are five guidelines that need to be followed, grouped in the Maastricht criteria.",The euro
where is the pga championship played in 2017,"The 2017 PGA Championship was the 99th PGA Championship, held August 10 -- 13 at Quail Hollow Club in Charlotte, North Carolina. This was the first major at Quail Hollow, which is a regular stop on the PGA Tour.",Quail Hollow Club
who took control of the italian government in 1922,"In October 1922, Mussolini took advantage of a general strike by workers and announced his demands to the government to give the Fascist Party political power or face a coup. With no immediate response, a few Fascists began a long trek across Italy to Rome which was known as the `` March on Rome '', claiming to Italians that Fascists were intending to restore law and order. Mussolini himself did not participate until the very end of the march, with D'Antonio being hailed as leader of the March until it was learned that he had been pushed out of a window and severely wounded in a failed assassination attempt, depriving him of the possibility of leading an actual coup d'état orchestrated by an organization founded by himself. Under the leadership of Mussolini, the Fascists demanded Prime Minister Luigi Facta's resignation and that Mussolini be named Prime Minister. Although the Italian Army was far better armed than the Fascist paramilitaries, the Italian government under King Victoria Emmanuel III faced a political crisis. The King was forced to decide which of the two rival movements in Italy would form the new government : Mussolini's Fascists or the anti-royalist Italian Socialist Party, ultimately deciding to endorse the Fascists.",Fascist Party
who dies in season 8 of grey's anatomy finale,"`` Flight '' is the twenty-fourth and final episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's 172nd episode overall. It was written by series creator Honda Rhymes, and directed by Rob Corn. The episode was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States on May 17, 2012. In the episode, six doctors from Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital who are victims of an aviation accident fight to stay alive, but Dr. Lexie Grey (Choler Leigh) ultimately dies. Other storylines occur in Seattle where Dr. Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr. ) plans his annual dinner for the departing residents, Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin Kidd) fires Dr. Teddy Altman (Kim Raver) , and Dr. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson) gets engaged.",Dr. Lexie Grey (Choler Leigh)
who sings hey baby i want to know,"`` Hey ! Baby '' is a song written by Margaret Cobb and Bruce Channel, and recorded by Channel in 1961, first released on SECAM Records, a local Fort Worth, Texas label. After it hit, it was released on Smash Records for national distribution. He co-produced the song with Major Bill Smith (owner of SECAM) and released it on Mercury Records' Smash label. The song reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks, starting the week ending March 10, 1962.",Bruce Channel
where is the hallmark movie wedding march filmed,Filming took place in Vancouver and British Columbia in April and May 2016.,"Vancouver, British Columbia"
where did smokey the bear live after the fire,"Smokey Bear lived at the National Zoo for 26 years. During that time he received millions of visitors as well as so many letters addressed to him (up to 13,000 a week) that in 1964 the United States Postal Service gave him his own ZIP code (20252) . He developed a love for peanut butter sandwiches, in addition to his daily diet of bluefish and trout.",At the National Zoo
when was the first jet plane used in war,"World War II was the first war in which jet aircraft participated in combat with examples being used on both sides of the conflict during the latter stages of the war. The first successful jet aircraft, the Handel He 178, flew only five days before the start of the war, on September 1939. By the end of the conflict on September 1945 Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States had all used turbojet - powered fighter aircraft operationally while Japan had produced, but not used, motor jet - powered kamikaze aircraft, and had tested and ordered into production conventional jets. Italy and the Soviet Union had both tested motor jet aircraft which had turbines powered by piston engines and the latter had also equipped several types of conventional piston - powered fighter aircraft with auxiliary ramjet engines for testing purposes. Germany was the only country to use jet - powered bombers operationally during the war.",World War II
when was a fever you cant sweat out released,"A Fever You Can't Sweat Out is the debut studio album by American rock band Panic ! At the Disco. Produced by Matt Squire, the album was released on September 27, 2005, on Decay dance and Fueled by Ramen. The group formed in Las Vegas in 2004 and began posting demos online, which caught the attention of Fall Out Boy bassist Pete Went. Went signed the group to his own imprint label, Decay dance, without them having ever performed live.","September 27, 2005"
where was bring it on in it to win it filmed,"It is the fourth film in the Bring It On franchise, which focuses on competitive cheerleading. It was shot at Universal Orlando Resort in Orlando, United States. Furthermore, it was released direct - to - video on December 18, 2007.","Universal Orlando Resort in Orlando, United States"
who is the minister of education in sri lanka,Minister of Education - Avila Viral Kariyawasam,Avila Viral Kariyawasam
where did the pittsburgh steelers get their name,"The Steelers' logo was introduced in 1962 and is based on the `` Steel mark '', originally designed by Pittsburgh's U.S. Steel and now owned by the American Iron and Steel Institute (ANSI) . In fact, it was Cleveland - based Republic Steel that suggested the Steelers adopt the industry logo. It consists of the word `` Steelers '' surrounded by three asteroids (hypocycloids of four cusps) . The original meanings behind the asteroids were, `` Steel lightens your work, brightens your leisure, and widens your world. '' Later, the colors came to represent the ingredients used in the steel - making process : yellow for coal, red for iron ore, and blue for scrap steel. While the formal Steel mark logo contains only the word `` Steel '', the team was given permission to add `` ERS '' in 1963 after a petition to ANSI.","Based on the `` Steel mark '', Originally designed by Pittsburgh's U.S. Steel"
who came up with the phrase bling bling,"In the 1993 hit song by Dig gable Planets, the song `` Rebirth of Slick (Cool Like DAT) '' you can hear the female sing `` Bling ! Bling ! Bling ! Bling '' in the background. The term was used in this way to describe a gaudy piece of jewelry, for example the otherwise rotten gold - toothed smile and stereotypical pimp jewelry of the character `` Jerome '' on the television series Martin. Jesse West (known as rapper rd Eye) is cited as perhaps the first rapper to use the complete term `` bling '' on Super Cat's 1993 hit `` Dolly My Baby (Remix) '' -- a song that West produced, and also featured Puff Daddy and a young Biggie Smalls in his record debut.",Jesse West (known as rapper rd Eye)
who was the longest prisoner held captive in vietnam,"Floyd James `` Jim '' Thompson (July 1933 -- July 16, 2002) was a United States Army colonel. He was the longest held American prisoner of war in U.S. history, spending nearly nine years in captivity in the jungle camps and mountains of South Vietnam and Laos, and in North Vietnam during the Vietnam War.",Floyd James `` Jim '' Thompson
when did the first ninja turtles movie come out,"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a 1990 American superhero film directed by Steve Barron, based on the comic book characters of the same name. The story follows Splinter and the turtles, their meeting April O'Neil and Casey Jones, and their confrontation with Shredder and his Foot Clan. It stars Judith Hoax, Elias Notes, and the voices of Brian To chi, Robbie List, Corey Feldman, and Josh Pies.",1990
who won in the war of porus and alexander,"Ports (IPA : (ports) ) or Ports (from Ancient Greek : Πῶρος, Ports) , was an Indian king from the Punjab region, whose territory spanned the region between the Bypasses (River of Helium) and Ace sines (Cheney River) , in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent. He is credited to have been a legendary warrior with exceptional skills. Ports fought against Alexander the Great in the Battle of the Bypasses (326 BC) , thought to be fought at the site of modern - day Long, Punjab, which is now part of the modern country of Pakistan. Though not recorded in any available ancient Indian source, Ancient Greek historians describe the battle and the aftermath of Alexander's victory. After the defeat and arrest of Ports in the war, Alexander asked Ports how he would like to be treated. Ports, although defeated, being a valiant, proud king, demanded that he be treated like a king. Alexander was reportedly so impressed by his adversary that he not only reinstated him as a satrap of his own kingdom but also granted him dominion over lands to the south-east extending until the Emphasis (Beat) . Ports reportedly died sometime between 321 and 315 BC.",Alexander
who owns the rights to masters of the universe,"Since 2007 a reboot of Masters of the Universe has been in the works but has gone through development hell with various studios, directors and writers connected to the project. Variety reported in 2007 that Gray skull : Masters of the Universe would be produced by Joel Silver, and written by Justin Marks, and employing visual special effects to a large degree, as was done with the 2007 war film 300 With that deal to reboot the film going nowhere, Warner Bros. announced that John Stevenson, director of Kung Fu Panda, was slated to direct the upcoming feature. On 12 May 2009, it was announced that the scripting duties had been handed to newcomer Evan Daugherty, with John Stevenson still attached to direct. In September 2009, Sony took over the rights from Warner Bros. to produce the Masters of the Universe live - action film after Mattel and Silver couldn't agree on creative direction for the film. Sony and Escape Artists' Todd Black, Jason Blumenthal and Steve Titch were now developing the project from scratch for Columbia. In April 2010, Sony hired screenwriters Mike Finch and Alex Live to draft a new script. Deadline reported that Jon M. Chu was in talks to direct the film. Original He - Man actor Dolph Lindgren did an interview with IGN about possibly appearing in the film as King Random. On October 12, 2012, Richard Went was hired to rewrite the script for the film. On March 28, 2013, Chu said that the film was still early in its development and that it would not be campy, but rather a dramatic origin story. On October 2013, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Terry Rossi would write the film ; Todd Black, Jason Blumenthal and Steve Titch were assigned to produce it. The film would be set on Eternal. The site also reported that Chu would not direct the film.",Sony
when is the new season of law & order svu coming on,"The twentieth season of Law & Order : Special Victims Unit premiered on Thursday, September 27, 2018, at PM ET with a two - part premiere episode. The following Thursday, the series started airing new episodes at 10PM ET.","Thursday, September 27, 2018, At PM ET"
when did india test its first nuclear bomb,"Smiling Buddha (MEA designation : Cochran - I) was the assigned code name of India's first successful nuclear bomb test on 18 May 1974. The bomb was detonated on the army base, Cochran Test Range (PTR) , in Rajasthan by the Indian Army under the supervision of several key Indian generals.",18 May 1974
where did the new form of pneumonia sars start,"On November 16, 2002, an outbreak of what is believed to be severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) began in the Guangdong province of China, which borders on Hong Kong. The first case of infection was speculated to be a farmer in the Sound district of Roshan County. The People's Republic of China (PRC) notified the World Health Organization (WHO) about this outbreak on February 10, reporting 305 cases (including 105 health - care workers) and deaths ; it was later reported that the outbreak in Guangdong had peaked in mid-February, but that appears to be false, as later 806 infections and 34 deaths were reported.","In the Guangdong province of China, Which borders on Hong Kong"
who is fourth in line if the president dies,Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ®,Secretary of State
who was the president of soviet union in 1971,"Leonid Brezhnev (1906 -- 1982) 14 October 1964 ↓ 10 November 1982 † 23rd -- 26th Congress Served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party, was later renamed General Secretary, and was co-equal with premier Alexei Kosygin until the 1970s. To consolidate his power he later assumed the title of Chairman of the Presidium.",Leonid Brezhnev
what type of books does sidney sheldon write,"He came to prominence in the 1930s, first working on Broadway plays and then in motion pictures, notably writing the successful comedy The Bachelor and the Bobby Boxer (1947) which earned him an Academy Award. He went on to work in television, where his works spanned a 20 - year period during which he created The Patty Duke Show (1963 -- 66) , I Dream of Jeannie (1965 -- 70) and Hart to Hart (1979 -- 84) . Furthermore, he became most famous after he turned 50 and began writing best-selling romantic suspense novels, such as Master of the Game (1982) , The Other Side of Midnight (1973) and Rage of Angels (1980) . Furthermore, he is the seventh best-selling fiction writer of all time.",Romantic suspense novels
the cubit is an ancient unit of length based on the distance,"The cubit is an ancient unit based on the forearm length from the tip of the middle finger to the bottom of the elbow. Cubits of various lengths were employed in many parts of the world in antiquity, during the Middle Ages and as recently as Early Modern Times. The term is still used in hedge laying, the length of the forearm being frequently used to determine the interval between stakes placed within the hedge.",Forearm length from the tip of the middle finger to the bottom of the elbow
when does world cup start and end 2018,"The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years. It took place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018.",14 June to 15 July
which war during the mid 1800s weakened the economy of the ottoman empire,"The Russo - Turkish War of 1877 -- 1878 had its origins in a rise in nationalism in the Balkans as well as in the Russian goal of recovering territorial losses it had suffered during the Crimean War, reestablishing itself in the Black Sea and following the political movement attempting to free Balkan nations from the Ottoman Empire. As a result of the war, the principalities of Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, each of which had de facto sovereignty for some time, formally proclaimed independence from the Ottoman Empire. After almost half a millennium of Ottoman domination (1396 -- 1878) , the Bulgarian state was reestablished as the Principality of Bulgaria, covering the land between the Danube River and the Balkan Mountains (except Northern Dobrudja which was given to Romania) and the region of Sofia, which became the new state's capital. The Congress of Berlin also allowed Austria - Hungary to occupy Bosnia and Herzegovina and Great Britain to take over Cyprus, while the Russian Empire annexed Southern Bessarabia and the Cars region.",Russo - Turkish War
my country tis of thee god save the queen which came first,"`` My Country, ' This of Thee '', also known as `` America '', is an American patriotic song, whose lyrics were written by Samuel Francis Smith. The melody used is the same as that of the national anthem of the United Kingdom, `` God Save the Queen '', arranged by Thomas Are. The song served as one of the de facto national anthems of the United States (along with songs like `` Hail, Columbia '') before the adoption of `` The Star - Spangled Banner '' as the official anthem in 1931.",God Save the Queen
who does the song say something i'm giving up on you,"`` Say Something '' is a song by American indie pop duo A Great Big World from their debut album, Is There Anybody Out There ? (2013) . Written by the duo members -- Ian Axel and Chad King -- alongside Mike Campbell, the song was originally recorded by Axel for his solo album This Is the New Year (2011) . It was later released as a single by the duo on September 2013, by Epic Records. Following its usage on American reality TV show So You Think You Can Dance, the track gained attention from singer Christina Aguilera, who wanted to collaborate with A Great Big World on the song. Soon afterwards, a re-recorded version of `` Say Something '' with Aguilera was released on November 2013.",A Great Big World
when did southwest missouri state became missouri state,"In 2004, with the election of Springfield native Matt Blunt to the governorship and the approaching centennial of the university's founding, new support developed for the name change. It was opposed by the University of Missouri System (which operates the four campuses of the University of Missouri) , which feared that the name change would lead to duplication of academic programs and ongoing battles for students and state funding. In 2005 the name - change bill was passed, following a late - night compromise between University of Missouri System President Nelson Floyd and then - Southwest Missouri State President John Laser, stating that Missouri State University would not duplicate certain professional programs offered by the University of Missouri. The bill to rename the University finally passed the Missouri Senate (25 --) . On March 2005, after more than seven hours of debate, the bill passed the Missouri House (120 -- 35) . Governor Blunt signed it into law on March 17, 2005 -- the centennial anniversary of the University -- at the Plaster Student Union where several student leaders and state leaders were present.","March 17, 2005"
what is microsoft office visio mui (english) 2010,"Multilingual User Interface (MUD) is the name of a Microsoft technology for Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office and other applications that allows for the installation of multiple interface languages on a single system. On a system with MUD, each user would be able to select their own preferred display language. MUD technology was introduced with Windows 2000 and has been used in every release since (up to Windows) . The MUD technology is covered by an international patent titled `` Multilingual User Interface for an Operating System '' (US Patent number : 6252589) . The inventors are Bjorn C. Rettig, Edward S. Miller, Gregory Wilson, and Shan EU.",Multilingual User Interface
when did meek mills new album come out,"On July 21, 2017, Meek Mill released his third studio album titled Wins & Losses.","July 21, 2017"
where is midlothian va on a va map,"Midlothian, Virginia (/ mɪdˈloʊθiən /) is an unincorporated area in Chesterfield County, Virginia, U.S. Founded over 300 years ago as a coal town, it is now a suburban community located west of Richmond, Virginia and south of the James River in the Greater Richmond Region.","West of Richmond, Virginia and south of the James River"
who plays harley from stuck in the middle,"Harley Diaz (Jenna Ortega) is the middle of seven children and a young engineering prodigy. She is the central character in the series and views herself as an inventor. Some of her known inventions are the Conveyor Belt Table, the Supinator, the Skate Kite, and a snow machine. In `` Stuck in the Sweet Seat '', it is revealed it is her 13th birthday. A significant feature is that she tends to break the fourth wall to tell the viewers something about the situation.",Jenna Ortega
who is considered the founder of the therory of evolution,"Darwinism is a theory of biological evolution developed by the English naturalist Charles Darwin (1809 -- 1882) and others, stating that all species of organisms arise and develop through the natural selection of small, inherited variations that increase the individual's ability to compete, survive, and reproduce. Also called Darwinian theory, it originally included the broad concepts of transmutation of species or of evolution which gained general scientific acceptance after Darwin published On the Origin of Species in 1859, including concepts which predated Darwin's theories. It subsequently referred to the specific concepts of natural selection, the Weizmann barrier, or the central dogma of molecular biology. Though the term usually refers strictly to biological evolution, creationists have appropriated it to refer to the origin of life, and it has even been applied to concepts of cosmic evolution, both of which have no connection to Darwin's work. It is therefore considered the belief and acceptance of Darwin's and of his predecessors' work -- in place of other theories, including divine design and extraterrestrial origins.",Charles Darwin
where is an eye for an eye found in the bible,"The principle was first referenced in the Code of Hammurabi, which predates the Hebrew Bible. In the Hebrew Law, the `` eye for eye '' was to restrict compensation to the value of the loss. Thus, it might be better read' only one eye for one eye' . The idiomatic biblical phrase `` an eye for an eye '' in Exodus and Leviticus (עין תחת עין ‬, akin ta chat akin) literally means' an eye under / (in place of) an eye' while a slightly different phrase (עַיִן בְּעַיִן שֵׁן בְּשֵׁן, literally `` eye for an eye ; tooth for a tooth '') is used in another passage (Deuteronomy) in the context of possible reciprocal court sentences for failed false witnesses. The passage in Leviticus states, `` And a man who injures his countryman -- as he has done, so it shall be done to him (namely, ) fracture under / for fracture, eye under / for eye, tooth under / for tooth. Just as another person has received injury from him, so it will be given to him. '' (LEV. 24 : 19 -- 21) . For an example of תחת ‬ being used in its regular sense of under, see LEV. 22 : 27 `` A bull, sheep or goat, when it is born shall remain under its mother, and from the eighth day ... ''","Exodus, Leviticus, Deuteronomy"
a collection of fluid in the tissues is called,"The term water retention (also known as fluid retention) or hydrous, dropsy, edema, signifies an abnormal accumulation of clear, watery fluid in the tissues or cavities of the body.","Water retention (also known as fluid retention) or hydrous, dropsy, edema"
when did the last harry potter movie cone out,"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part is a 2011 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the second of two cinematic parts based on the novel of the same name by J.K. Rowling. The film, which is the eighth and final installment in the Harry Potter film series, was written by Steve Loves and produced by David Heyman, David Barron, and Rowling. The story continues to follow Harry Potter's quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort's Hercules in order to stop him once and for all.",2011
what were the social classes in feudal europe,"A broader definition of feudalism, as described by Marc Bloch (1939) , includes not only the obligations of the warrior nobility but also those of all three estates of the realm : the nobility, the clergy, and the peasantry bound by manorialism ; this is sometimes referred to as a `` feudal society ''. Since the publication of Elizabeth A.R. Brown's `` The Tyranny of a Construct '' (1974) and Susan Reynolds's Fiefs and Vassals (1994) , there has been ongoing inconclusive discussion among medieval historians whether feudalism is a useful construct for understanding medieval society.","The nobility, The clergy, The peasantry"
in the mid 1930s the bbc started broadcasting from which london landmark,"After a series of test transmissions and special broadcasts that began in August 1936, the BBC Television Service officially launched on November 1936 from a converted wing of Alexandra Palace in London. `` Ally Pally '' housed two studios, various scenery stores, make - up areas, dressing rooms, offices, and the transmitter itself, which then broadcast on the VHF band. BBC television initially used two systems on alternate weeks : the 240 - line Baird intermediate film system and the 405 - line Marconi - EMI system. The use of both formats made the BBC's service the world's first regular high - definition television service ; it broadcast from Monday to Saturday between 15 : 00 and 16 : 00, and 21 : 00 and 22 : 00. The first program broadcast -- and thus the first ever, on a dedicated TV channel -- was `` Opening of the BBC Television Service '' at 15 : 00. The first major outside broadcast was the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth in May 1937.",Alexandra Palace
what type of plane is the wright flyer,"The Flyer was a bicanard biplane configuration. As with the gliders, the pilot flew lying on his stomach on the lower wing with his head toward the front of the craft in an effort to reduce drag. He steered by moving a cradle attached to his hips. The cradle pulled wires which warped the wings and turned the rudder simultaneously.",Bicanard biplane
an english measure of length equivalent to 12 inches,"Prior to the Anglo-Saxon invasions, the Roman foot of 11.65 inches (296 mm) was used. The Anglo-Saxons introduced a North - German foot of 13. Inches (335 mm) , divided into palms or 12 thumbs, while the Roman foot continued to be used in the construction crafts. In the late 13th century, the modern foot of 304. Mm was introduced, equal to exactly ⁄ Anglo-Saxon foot.",foot
what is the highest court in the united states,"The Supreme Court of the United States (sometimes colloquially referred to by the acronym SCOTUS) is the highest federal court of the United States. Established pursuant to Article Three of the United States Constitution in 1789, it has ultimate (and largely discretionary) appellate jurisdiction over all federal courts and state court cases involving issues of federal law plus original jurisdiction over a small range of cases. In the legal system of the United States, the Supreme Court is generally the final interpreter of federal law including the United States Constitution, but it may act only within the context of a case in which it has jurisdiction. The Court may decide cases having political overtones but does not have power to decide unjustifiable political questions, and its enforcement arm is in the executive rather than judicial branch of government.",The Supreme Court of the United States
when is season 4 of pramface coming out,"Pram face was a BBC Three comedy - drama series starring Scarlett Alice Johnson and Sean Michael Vary. Written by Chris Reddy, the first series, comprising six halves - hour episodes, piloted on 23 February 2012. The second series, which was commissioned by the BBC before the first series had even aired, began transmission on January 2013 with an hour - long special as the first episode. The remaining six episodes of the series were of the usual half - hour length. A third series was commissioned which began airing on 25 February 2014 with the double episode series finale, which aired on 25 March 2014, bringing the third series to a total of six halves - hour episodes. It was confirmed in August 2014 that a fourth series will not be commissioned.",Fourth series will not be commissioned
who was the first woman to be sent into space,"Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova (Russian : Валенти́на Влади́мировна Терешко́ва, IPA : (vɐljɪnjˈtjinə vlɐˈdjimjɪrəvnə tjɪrjɪʂˈkovə) (listen) ; born March 1937) is a retired Russian cosmonaut, engineer, and politician. She is the first woman to have flown in space, having been selected from more than 400 applicants and five finalists to pilot Boston on 16 June 1963.",Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova
where is the rose hall great house located,"Rose Hall is a Georgian mansion in Mont ego Bay, Jamaica, noted for the legend of the White Witch of Rose Hall.","Mont ego Bay, Jamaica"
who is on the we want you poster,"Uncle Sam did not get a standard appearance, even with the effective abandonment of Brother Jonathan near the end of the American Civil War, until the well - known `` recruitment '' image of Uncle Sam was first created by James Montgomery Flag during World War I. The image was inspired by a British recruitment poster showing Lord Kitchener in a similar pose. It is this image more than any other that has influenced the modern appearance of Uncle Sam : an elderly white man with white hair and a goatee, wearing a white top hat with white stars on a blue band, a blue tail coat, and red - and - white - striped trousers.",Uncle Sam
who sang the song let's get it on,"`` Let's Get It On '' is a song and hit single by soul musician Marvin Gaye, released June 15, 1973, on Motown - subsidiary label Tampa Records. The song was recorded on March 22, 1973, at Huntsville West in Los Angeles, California. The song features romantic and sexual lyricism and funk instrumentation by The Funk Brothers. The title track of Gaye's landmark 1973 album of the same name, it was written by Marvin Gaye and producer Ed Townsend. `` Let's Get It On '' became Gaye's the most successful single for Motown and one of his most well - known songs. With the help of the song's sexually explicit content, `` Let's Get It On '' helped give Game a reputation as a sex icon during its initial popularity.",Marvin Gaye
vijayawada is situated on the bank of the river,"Vijayawada is a city in the Andhra Pradesh Capital Region, on the banks of River Krishna in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The city is the third most densely populated in the urban population of built - up areas in the world. Vijayawada is classified as a Y - grade city as per the Sixth Central Pay Commission. Vijayawada is the commercial headquarters of Andhra Pradesh. It was recognized as a `` Global City of the Future '' by McKinsey Quarterly, which expected an increase to GDP of $17 billion by 2025.",Krishna
who did the original i shot the sheriff,`` I Shot the Sheriff '' is a song written by Bob Marley and released in 1973 by The Wailers.,The Wailers
who won season 26 of dancing with the stars,"On May 21, 2018, Olympic figure skater Adam Nippon and professional dancer Jenna Johnson were announced the winners, marking the first win for Johnson. Nippon is the first openly gay winner. NFL player Josh Norman, with Sharia Burgess, and former Olympic Figure Skater Tonya Harding, with Sasha Farmer, were both announced as runners - up during the live finale show. However, it was revealed later that Josh and Sharia placed second, while Tonya and Sasha placed third.","Olympic figure skater Adam Nippon, Professional dancer Jenna Johnson"
it is thought that the mycenaeans came into power by taking over the,"The eruption of There, which according to archaeological data occurred in c. 1500 BC, resulted in the decline of the Minoan civilization of Crete. This turn of events gave the opportunity to the Mycenaeans to spread their influence throughout the Aegean. Around c. 1450 BC, they were in control of Crete itself, including Knossos, and colonized several other Aegean islands, reaching as far as Rhodes. Thus, the Mycenaeans became the dominant power of the region, marking the beginning of the Mycenaean' Kline' era (from Greek : Κοινή, common) , a highly uniform culture that spread in mainland Greece and the Aegean.","Crete itself, Including Knossos, And colonized several other Aegean islands, Reaching as far as Rhodes"
who starred in the 1988 christmas movie scrooged,"Scrooge is a 1988 American Christmas comedy film directed by Richard Donner and written by Mitch Glazer and Michael O'Donoghue. Based on the 1843 novella A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens, Scrooge is a modern retelling that follows Bill Murray as Frank Cross, a cynical and selfish television executive, who is visited by a succession of ghosts on Christmas Eve intent on helping him regain his Christmas spirit. The film also stars Karen Allen, John Forsythe, Bobcat Goldthwait, Carol Kane, Robert Mitchum, Michael J. Pollard, and Alfred Woodard.","Bill Murray, Karen Allen, John Forsythe, Bobcat Goldthwait, Carol Kane, Robert Mitchum, Michael J. Pollard, Alfred Woodard"
where do the members of take that come from,"Take That is an English pop music group formed in Manchester, England in 1990. The group currently consists of Gary Barlow, Howard Donald and Mark Owen. The original line - up also featured Jason Orange and Robbie Williams. Barlow acts as the group's lead singer and primary songwriter, with Owen and Williams initially providing backing vocals and Donald and Orange serving primarily as dancers.","Manchester, England"
where do states get their power in the constitution,"In American political discourse, states' rights are political powers held for the state governments rather than the federal government according to the United States Constitution, reflecting especially the enumerated powers of Congress and the Tenth Amendment. The enumerated powers that are listed in the Constitution include exclusive federal powers, as well as concurrent powers that are shared with the states, and all of those powers are contrasted with the reserved powers -- also called states' rights -- that only the states possess.",The Tenth Amendment
who played doreen in birds of a feather,"Lesley Diana Joseph (born 14 October 1945) is an English actress and broadcaster, known for playing Dorian Green in the television sitcom Birds of a Feather from 1989 to 1998, and again since 2014. Other television credits include Absurd Person Singular (1985) and Night and Day (2001 -- 03) . Her stage roles include UK touring productions of Thoroughly Modern Millie (2005) , Calendar Girls (2011) and Annie (2015) . In 2018, she was nominated for the Olivier Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Musical, for the original West End production of Young Frankenstein.",Lesley Diana Joseph
who played jack sparrow in pirates of the caribbean,"Captain Jack Sparrow is a fictional character in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. The character was created by screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossi, and is portrayed by Johnny Depp. The characterization of Sparrow is based on a combination of The Rolling Stones' guitarist Keith Richards and Looney Tunes cartoon character Pepe Le Pew. He first appears in the 2003 film Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl. He later appears in the sequels Dead Man's Chest (2006) , At World's End (2007) , On Stranger Tides (2011) , and Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) .",Johnny Depp
when does hanukkah end on the jewish calendar,The dates of Hanukkah are determined by the Hebrew calendar. Hanukkah begins at the 25th day of Kislev and concludes on the ND or rd day of Tevet (Kislev can have 29 or 30 days) . The Jewish day begins at sunset. Hanukkah begins at sunset of the date listed.,Nd or rd day of Tevet
when did miss kobayashi's dragon maid come out,"Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid (Japanese : 小林 さん ちの メイ ドラゴン, Hepburn : Kobayashi - San Chi no Paragon) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Coolkyoushinja. The series began serialization in Futabasha's Monthly Action magazine in May 2013, and is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment. A spin - off manga by Mutsuhito Timur began serialization in Monthly Action in December 2016. An anime television series produced by Kyoto Animation aired in Japan between January and April 2017.",May 2013
tick borne disease that makes you allergic to meat,"Bites from certain ticks, such as the lone star tick in the US, which can transfer this carbohydrate to the victim have been implicated in the development of this delayed allergic response which is triggered by the consumption of mammalian meat products. Despite myths to the contrary, an alpha - gal allergy does not require the afflicted to become a vegetarian, as poultry and fish do not trigger a reaction.",Alpha - gal allergy
who was the first king in game of thrones,"Introduced in 1996's A Game of Thrones, Robert Marathon is the eldest son and heir of Lord Steffen Marathon and Lady Cassava Vermont of Storm's End, the paramount of Storm lands, one of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, and brother to Stands and Rely. Robert fought a rebellion which was named after him to win back his betrothed, Lyanna Stark, with the aid of her brother and his close friend, Edward Stark, and their foster guardian Jon Arron. After crushing the Targaryen dynasty and winning the war, Robert took the Iron Throne from his distant cousin Aeries II Targaryen (who is nicknamed `` The Mad King '') , and established the Marathon dynasty as its first king. However, due to Lyanna's death during the war, Robert married Twin Lannister's daughter Versa instead to ensure political stability.",Robert Marathon
who was the slytherin seeker in harry potter 1,William Treason (born October 1984) is an English actor who appeared in the first Harry Potter film. He played the role of the Slytherin Quidditch Seeker Terence Higgs. He attended Latimer Upper School.,William Treason
what horse holds the record for the belmont,"The Belmont Stakes is an American Grade I stakes Thoroughbred horse race held on the first or second Saturday in June at Belmont Park in Belmont, New York. It is a. - mile - long (. Km) horse race, open to three - year - old Thoroughbreds. Colts and geldings carry a weight of 126 pounds (57 kg) ; fillies carry 121 pounds (55 kg) . The race, nicknamed The Test of the Champion, and The Run for the Carnations, is the third and final leg of the Triple Crown and is held five weeks after the Kentucky Derby and three weeks after the Preakness Stakes. The 1973 Belmont Stakes and Triple Crown winner Secretariat holds the mile and a half stakes record (which is also a track and world record on dirt) of : 24.",Secretariat
most points in one nba game single player,"This feat has been accomplished 68 times in NBA history. Twenty-five different players have scored 60 or more points in a game. Only four players have scored 60 or more points on more than one occasion : Wilt Chamberlain (32 times) , Kobe Bryant (times) , Michael Jordan (times) , and Elgin Baylor (times) . Chamberlain holds the single - game scoring record, having scored 100 in game in 1962.",100
the himalaya mountains are an example of what type of tectonic boundary,"In plate tectonics, a convergent boundary, also known as a destructive plate boundary, is a region of active deformation where two or more tectonic plates or fragments of the lithosphere are near the end of their life cycle. This is in contrast to a constructive plate boundary (also known as a mid-ocean ridge or spreading center) . As a result of pressure, friction, and plate material melting in the mantle, earthquakes and volcanoes are common near destructive boundaries, where subduction zones or an area of continental collision (depending on the nature of the plates involved) occurs. The subducting plate in a subduction zone is normally oceanic crust, and moves beneath the other plate, which can be made of either oceanic or continental crust. During collisions between two continental plates, large mountain ranges, such as the Himalayas are formed. In other regions, a divergent boundary or transform faults may be present.","A convergent boundary, Also known as a destructive plate boundary"
how many times do teams play each other in the nba playoffs,The NBA playoffs are the best - of - seven elimination tournaments annually held after the National Basketball Association's regular season to determine the league's champion.,Best - of - seven
where are the dead sea scrolls now located,"Almost all the Dead Sea Scrolls collection is currently under the ownership of the Government of the state of Israel, and housed in the Shrine of the Book on the grounds of the Israel Museum. This ownership is contested by both Jordan and by the Palestinian Authority.",In the Shrine of the Book on the grounds of the Israel Museum
when does the nfl football season start 2018,"The 2018 NFL season will be the 99th season of the National Football League (NFL) . The season is set to begin on September 2018 with the NFL Kickoff Game with the defending Super Bowl LII champion Philadelphia Eagles hosting the Atlanta Falcons. The season will conclude with Super Bowl LIII, the league's championship game, on February 2019 at Mercedes - Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia.","September, 2018"
who sings ride captain ride upon your mystery ship,"`` Ride Captain Ride '' is a song recorded by the American rock band Blues Image. The song was co-written by the band's singer - guitarist Mike Pin era and keyboardist Frank `` Skip '' Monte. It was included on the group's 1970 album, Open. Released as a slightly shortened single in the spring of 1970, it shot up the charts, eventually reaching No. in the USA and Canadian charts, making it Blues Image's first (and only) Top 40 chart hit. It reached No. 23 in Australia.",American rock band Blues Image
when was the last time the constitution amended,"27th Delays laws affecting Congressional salary from taking effect until after the next election of representatives. September 25, 1789, May 1992 202 years months 10 days","May, 1992"
when did the marine corps start the crucible,"The Crucible is the final test in recruit training, and represents the culmination of all the skills and knowledge a Marine should possess. Designed in 1996 to emphasize the importance of teamwork in overcoming adversity, the Crucible is a rigorous 54 - hour field training exercise demanding the application of everything a recruit has learned until that point in recruit training and includes a total of 48 miles of marching. It simulates typical combat situations with strenuous testing, hardship and the deprivation of food and sleep. Two recruits are given three MRE's (a self-contained, individual field ration) , each usually taking one, then splitting the third up however is agreeable between the two. The recruits are only allowed six hours of sleep through the entire 54 - hour event. Recruits are broken into squad - sized teams (possibly smaller) and placed under the charge of one drill instructor. West Coast recruits are returned to Edson Range for the Crucible. Paris Island recruits will conduct the Crucible in the derelict Page Airfield on the south end of the depot.",1996
how many players is fortnite save the world,"Fortnite is an online video game first released in 2017 and developed by Epic Games. It is available as separate software packages having different game modes that otherwise share the same general gameplay and game engine. The game modes include Fortnite : Save the World, a cooperative shooter - survival game for up to four players to fight off zombie - like creatures and defend objects with fortifications they can build, and Fortnite Battle Royale, a free - to - play battle royale game where up to 100 players fight to be the last person standing. Both game modes were released in 2017 as early access titles ; Save the World is available only for Windows, macOS, PlayStation, and Xbox One, while Battle Royale has been released for those platforms in addition for Nintendo Switch, iOS and Android devices.",Up to four players
who plays skeeter in the movie the help,Emma Stone as Eugenia `` Skeeter '' Plan,Emma Stone
when were touchscreen interactive kiosks first introduced to commercial and retail settings,"The first self-service, interactive kiosk was developed in 1977 at the University of Illinois at Urbana -- Champaign by a pre-med student, Murray Lapse. The content was created on the PLATO computer system and accessible by plasma touch screen interface. The plasma display panel was invented at the University of Illinois by Donald L. Bitter. Lappe's kiosk, called The Plato Hotline allowed students and visitors to find movies, maps, directories, bus schedules, extracurricular activities and courses. When it debuted in the U of Illinois Student Union in April 1977, more than 30,000 students, teachers and visitors stood in line during its first weeks, to try their hand at a `` personal computer '' for the first time.",1977
who is the oscar-winning star of the film the song of bernadette,"Jennifer Jones (born Phyllis Lee Islam ; March 1919 -- December 17, 2009) , also known as Jennifer Jones Simon, was an American actress during Hollywood's golden years. Jones, who won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in The Song of Bernadette (1943) , was also Academy Award - nominated for her performances in four other films. She was married three times, most notably to film producer David O. Selznick.",Jennifer Jones
when did the movie benjamin button come out,"The film was released in North America on December 25, 2008, to positive reviews. The film went on to receive thirteen Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Fischer, Best Actor for Pitt, and Best Supporting Actress for Tarawa P. Henson, and won three, for Best Art Direction, Best Makeup, and Best Visual Effects.","December 25, 2008"
main theme of the poem the world is too much with us,"In the early 19th century, Wordsworth wrote several sonnets blasting what he perceived as `` the decadent material cynicism of the time. '' `` The World Is Too Much with Us '' is one of those works. It reflects his view that humanity must get in touch with nature to progress spiritually. The rhyme scheme of this poem is a-b-b-a, a-b-b-a, c-d-c-d, c-d. This Italian or Petrarchan sonnet uses the last six lines (sextet) to answer the first eight lines (octave) . The first eight lines (octave) are the problems and the next six (sextet) are the solution.",`` the decadent material cynicism of the time. ''
song about old lovers meeting in grocery store,`` Same Old Lang Sine '' is a song written and sung by Dan Rosenberg released as a single in 1980. It was also included on his 1981 album The Innocent Age. The song is an autobiographical narrative ballad told in the first person and tells the story of two long - ago romantic interests meeting by chance in a grocery store on Christmas Eve. The song peaked at on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart and is now frequently played during the holiday season and alongside traditional Christmas songs.,Same Old Lang Sine
where was the prince and the showgirl filmed,The Prince and the Showgirl (originally called The Sleeping Prince) is a 1957 British - American romantic comedy film starring Marilyn Monroe and Laurence Olivier. Olivier also served as director and producer. The screenplay by Terence Rattan was based on his 1953 stage play The Sleeping Prince. It was filmed in London.,London
what name does bastian give the empress in the neverending story,"Tami Stomach as The Childlike Empress, to whom Bastian gives the new name of `` Moon Child ''.",Moon Child
what are the estate tax rates for 2018,"If an asset is left to a spouse or a federally recognized charity, the tax usually does not apply. In addition, a maximum amount, varying year by year, can be given by an individual, before and / or upon their death, without incurring federal gift or estate taxes : $, 340,000 for estates of persons dying in 2014 and 2015, $, 450,000 (effectively $10.90 million per married couple, assuming the deceased spouse did not leave assets to the surviving spouse) for estates of persons dying in 2016. Because of these exemptions, it is estimated that only the largest. % of estates in the U.S. will pay the tax. For 2017, the exemption increases to $. a million. In 2018, the exemption will double to $11.18 million per taxpayer due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.",$11.18 million per taxpayer
where is the abrahamic covenant found in the bible,"The covenant found in Genesis 12 -- 17 is known as the Brit ban HaBetarim, the `` Covenant Between the Parts '' in Hebrew, and is the basis for Brit Milan (covenant of circumcision) in Judaism. The covenant was for Abraham and his seed, or offspring, both of natural birth and adoption.",Genesis 12 -- 17
where did they film house on haunted hill,"William Castle's daughter Terry Castle served as co-producer on the film. The film was shot in late 1998 and early 1999 in Los Angeles, California, with exteriors of the house's driveway being shot in Griffith Park near the Griffith Park Observatory. The `` Terror Incognito '' rollercoaster at Price's amusement park featured in the beginning of the film is actually The Incredible Hulk rollercoaster at Universal Studios Florida.","Los Angeles, California, Griffith Park"
what are the legs of a spider called,"The anatomy of spiders includes many characteristics shared with other arachnids. These characteristics include bodies divided into two magmata (sections or segments) , eight jointed legs, no wings or antennae, the presence of Chelicerata and pedals, simple eyes, and an exoskeleton, which is periodically shed.",legs
who sang dont you want somebody to love,"Written by The Great Society guitarist Darby Slick after realizing his girlfriend had left him, and first performed by that band, which included his then - sister-in-law Grace Slick on vocals, the song made little impact outside the club circuit in the Bay Area. The song was released in 1966 as a single with the B - side another Darby Slick composition titled `` Free Advice '' on the North Beach subsidiary of Autumn Records, and received minimal circulation outside of San Francisco. San Francisco in the mid -' 60s was the epicenter of free love, but Darby Slick saw a downside to this ethos, as it could lead to jealousy and disconnect. This song champions loyalty and monogamy, as the singer implores us to find that one true love that will nurture us and get us through the tough times.",Grace Slick
4 mb is equal to how many bytes,"The megabyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information. Its recommended unit symbol is MB. The unit prefix mega is a multiplier of 1000000 (10) in the International System of Units (SI) . Therefore, one megabyte is one million bytes of information. This definition has been incorporated into the International System of Quantities.",One million bytes
where is the most poverty in the uk,"Poverty within the UK is particularly concentrated in the country of Wales. While the relative income - poverty rate for the UK stood at 16. % in 2014, the same poverty rate for Wales stood at 23 % in the same year. Poverty in Wales has remained in the 25 % range, with only small dips throughout the last decade. While the trends correlate with overall reductions in less impoverished areas of the UK, it does not correlate with Scotland, who in the 1990s, had a relative similar poverty trend as Wales. Conservative attitudes began to grow during the reign of the Labour Party in the 2000s, culminating in an overall negative opinion towards public spending increases beginning in the 2010s. This negative trend created a lack of support for Welsh poverty reduction efforts, and can explain much of the stagnation present in the rate. The lack of attention to Wales has led to a consistent issue in Welsh politics being that of poverty, with efforts to primarily reduce the prevalence of childhood and Fuel Poverty a priority.",Wales
who scored most goals in premier league season,"Most goals scored in a season : 106, Manchester City (2017 -- 18)",Manchester City
what is chuck roast called in the uk,"The bone - in chuck steak or roast is one of the more economical cuts of beef. In the United Kingdom, this part is commonly referred to as `` braising steak ''. It is particularly popular for use as ground beef, due to its richness of flavor and balance of meat and fat.",Braising steak
who won the battle of manassas bull run,"The First Battle of Bull Run (the name used by Union forces) , also known as the Battle of First Manassas (the name used by Confederate forces) , was fought on July 21, 1861, in Prince William County, Virginia, just north of the city of Manassas and about 25 miles west - southwest of Washington, D.C. It was the first major battle of the American Civil War. The Union's forces were slow in positioning themselves, allowing Confederate reinforcements time to arrive by rail. Each side had about 18,000 poorly trained and poorly led troops in their first battle. It was a Confederate victory, followed by a disorganized retreat of the Union forces.",Confederate victory
who played bass on i'll take you there,"Included on the group's 1972 album Be Altitude : Respect Yourself, `` I'll Take You There '' features lead singer Mavis Staples inviting her listeners to seek heaven. The song is `` almost completely a call - and - response chorus '', () with the introduction being lifted from `` The Liquidator '', a 1969 reggae hit by the Harry J All stars. In fact, the entire song, written in the key of C, contains but two chords, C and F. A large portion of the song is set aside for Mavis' sisters Cloth and Yvonne and their father `` Pops '' to seemingly perform solos on their respective instruments. In actuality, these solos (and all music in the song) were recorded by the famed Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section. When Mavis Staples says `` Daddy, now, Daddy, Daddy '' (referring to `` Pop's '' guitar solo) , it is actually Eddie Hinton who performs the solo on record. Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section bass player David Hood performs the song's famed bass line. Terry Manning added harmonica and lead electric guitar. Roger Hawkins played drums, Barry Beckett was on electric piano, and Jimmy Johnson and Raymond Banks contributed guitar parts. The horn and string parts were arranged by Detroit arranger Johnny Allen. The horns and strings were recorded at Artie Fields Recording Studios in Detroit Michigan.",David Hood
who did are you gonna go my way,"Are You Going to Go My Way is the third studio album by American rock musician Lenny Gravity, released on March 1993 by Virgin Records. It was recorded at Waterfront Studios, Hoboken, New Jersey by Henry Hirsch. It became Kravitz's first top 20 album on the United States Billboard 200, and his first number one album in both Australia and the United Kingdom, achieving massive worldwide success that helped to establish his popularity as a performer. The album was certified Platinum twice in the United States, for shipments of over. a million copies, making it his third most successful album there, totaling over million copies in worldwide sales.",Lenny Gravity
when did season 4 of gotham come out,"The season was ordered in May 2017, and production began the following month. Ben McKenzie stars as Gordon, alongside Donald Rogue, David Mahfouz, Moreno Saccharin, Sean Per twee, Robin Lord Taylor, Erin Richards, Camden Biconcave, Cory Michael Smith, Jessica Lucas, Chris Chalk, Drew Powell, Crystal Reed and Alexander Sid dig. The fourth season premiered on September 21, 2017, on Fox, while the second half premiered on March 2018.","September 21, 2017"
who sang take my breath away top gun,"`` Take My Breath Away '' is a song written by Italian DJ Giorgio Order and Tom Whitlock for the film Top Gun, performed by the band Berlin. It won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, as well as the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song in 1986.",Berlin
what is the definition of a migrant student,"Children of migrant workers struggle to achieve the same level of educational success as their peers. Relocation causes discontinuity in education, which causes migrant students to progress slowly through school and drop out at high rates. Additionally, relocation has negative social consequences on students : isolation from peers due to cultural differences and language barriers. Migrant children, defined as those who relocate because of involvement with agriculture - related industries or other seasonal work, are also at a disadvantage because the majority live in extreme poverty and must work with their parents to support their families. These barriers to equal educational attainment for children of migrant workers are present in countries all over the world. Although the inequality in education remains pronounced, government policies, non-governmental organizations, non-profits, and social movements are working to reverse its effects.",Those who relocate because of involvement with agriculture - related industries or other seasonal work
prayer i believe in one god the father almighty,"The Nicene Creed, composed in part and adopted at the First Council of Nicaea (325) and revised with additions by the First Council of Constantinople (381) , is a creed that summarizes the orthodox faith of the Christian Church and is used in the liturgy of most Christian Churches. This article endeavors to give the text and context of English - language translations.",The Nicene Creed
what is the average temperature in vancouver canada,"The annual average temperature in Vancouver is 11. ° C (51. ° F) downtown and 10. ° C (50. ° F) at the airport, in Richmond, amongst the warmest in Canada. It is located in a USDA plant hardiness zone of, similar to other coastal or near - coastal cities such as Seattle, Portland, Amsterdam and London, as well as places such as Atlanta, Georgia and Raleigh, North Carolina, far to the south. The mild climate allows plants such as the Windmill Palm to sustain. Vancouver's growing season averages 221 days, from March 29 until November. This is 72 days longer than Toronto's, and longer than any other major center in Canada.","Annual average temperature in Vancouver is 11. ° C (51. ° F) downtown and 10. ° C (50. ° F) at the airport, In Richmond"
where do the brown family live in alaska,"Alaskan Bush People is an American reality television series. The series premiered on the Discovery Channel on May 2014. Filmed on location near Hookah, Alaska and Chicago Island, it follows the extended Brown family's life in the Alaskan wilderness.","Hookah, Alaska, Chicago Island"
when do the monarch butterflies return to mexico,"Starting in September and October, eastern and northeastern populations migrate from southern Canada and the United States to overwintering sites in central Mexico where they arrive around November. They start the return trip in March, arriving around July. No individual butterfly completes the entire round trip ; female monarchs lay eggs for the next generation during the northward migration and at least four generations are involved in the annual cycle.",November
where are the la rams playing their home games,"The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is an American outdoor sports stadium located in the Exposition Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States. The stadium serves as the home to the University of Southern California (USC) Trojans football team, and as the temporary home of the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL) . The Coliseum was home to the Rams from 1946 to 1979, when they moved to Anaheim Stadium in Anaheim, California, and is serving as their home stadium again until the completion of Los Angeles Stadium at Hollywood Park in Inglewood, California. The facility has a permanent seating capacity of 93,607 for USC football and Rams games, making it the largest football stadium in the PAC - 12 Conference and the NFL.",Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum
who is the lead singer for iron maiden,"Paul Bruce Dickinson (born August 1958) , known professionally as Bruce Dickinson, is an English singer, songwriter, musician, airline pilot, entrepreneur, author and broadcaster. He is the lead singer of the heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is renowned for his wide-ranging operatic vocal style and energetic stage presence.",Bruce Dickinson
when was the first god of war made,"God of War is a third - person hack and slash action - adventure video game developed by Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment (SHE) . First released on March 22, 2005, for the PlayStation (PS) console, it is the first installment in the series of the same name and the third chronologically. Loosely based on Greek mythology, it is set in Ancient Greece with vengeance as its central motif. The player controls the protagonist Rates, a Spartan warrior who serves the Olympian Gods. The goddess Athena tasks Rates with killing Ares, the God of War and Rates' former mentor who tricked Rates into killing his wife and daughter. As Ares besieges Athens out of hatred for Athena, Rates embarks on a quest to find the one object capable of stopping the god once and for all : Pandora's Box.",2005
at what coordinates is the iceland hotspot located,The Iceland hotspot is a hotspot which is partly responsible for the high volcanic activity which has formed the island of Iceland.,The Iceland hotspot is a hotspot which is partly responsible for the high volcanic activity which has formed the island of Iceland.
what song did kid rock and sheryl crow sing together,"`` Picture '' is a duet written by American music artists Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow, released on November 12, 2002, as the fourth single and ninth track from Kid Rock's 2001 album Cocky. The original recording on the album is performed by Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow. Rock re-recorded the song for the radio with alternative country singer Allison Moore because Atlantic was initially unable to get the rights from Crow's label to release the album version as a single. When the Moore version was released, some radio stations began playing the Crow version instead, leading Billboard to credit the song variously to Kid Rock featuring Sheryl Crow or Allison Moore. The song was a commercial and critical success and was nominated for Vocal Event of The Year at the 2003 Country Music Association awards.",`` Picture ''
who is the scottish girl on the wright stuff,"It has been a feature of the show that there is a female co-host (originally a telephone operator) in a booth separated from the main presenter and guest area. This was because one of the original creators, a producer at Anglia TV was a big fan of the American TV comedy Fraser, and the role of Frasier's producer Row Doyle. Since the redesign of the set in 2010, the booth has gone and the co-host now sits in the audience area. The current female co-host is Storm Huntley.",Storm Huntley
where is the abdomen located on the human body,"The abdomen (less formally called the belly, stomach, tummy or midriff) constitutes the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates. The region occupied by the abdomen is termed the abdominal cavity. In arthropods, it is the posterior magma of the body ; it follows the thorax or cephalothorax. The abdomen stretches from the thorax at the thoracic diaphragm to the pelvis at the pelvic brim. The pelvic brim stretches from the lumbosacral joint (the intervertebral disc between L and S) to the pubic symphysis and is the edge of the pelvic inlet. The space above this inlet and under the thoracic diaphragm is termed the abdominal cavity. The boundary of the abdominal cavity is the abdominal wall in the front and the peritoneal surface at the rear.",The part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis
where did michael live in kensuke's kingdom,"He was on the lookout one night with his sheepdog, Stella Artist, and they awake to discover that they were on an island near Australia. While Michael struggles to survive on the island, food is regularly left for him. To his surprise, he learns that an elderly Japanese man called Ensure is also living on the island. Ensure helps Michael to survive. Ensure was the one who saved Michael when Michael was thrown overboard.",On an island near Australia
who has conceded the most goals in the premiership,"Most goals conceded in total :, 267, Tottenham Hotspur",Tottenham Hotspur
when do white walkers appear in game of thrones,"The White Walkers portrayed on HBO's Game of Thrones differ slightly in appearance from their literary counterparts, but Aaron Supports of The Verge named them among `` the most visually iconic creatures on the show ''. In the TV series, the primary White Walker has been portrayed by Ross Mullein. Their apparent leader is the Night King, portrayed by Richard Brake and Vladimir Audio, who first appeared in the episode `` Oath keeper ''. In `` Hard home '', the effectiveness of Valerian steel against the White Walkers is proven as Jon shatters one to pieces with a single stroke of his ancient sword Long claw. Unlike in the novels, the TV series has established that wights can be destroyed by dragon glass.",Oath keeper
who sang we are the world usa for africa,"`` We Are the World '' is a song and charity single originally recorded by the supergroup United Support of Artists (USA) for Africa in 1985. It was written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie (with arrangements by Michael Martian) and produced by Quincy Jones for the album We Are the World. With sales in excess of 20 million copies, it is one of the fewer than 30 all - time physical singles to have sold at least 10 million copies worldwide.",supergroup
spectroscopy is the study of the interaction of molecules with,"Spectroscopy / spɛkˈtrɒskəpi / is the study of the interaction between matter and electromagnetic radiation. Historically, spectroscopy originated through the study of visible light dispersed according to its wavelength, by a prism. Later the concept was expanded greatly to include any interaction with radiative energy as a function of its wavelength or frequency. Spectroscopic data are often represented by an emission spectrum, a plot of the response of interest as a function of wavelength or frequency.",Electromagnetic radiation
when was martial law lifted in the philippines,"Proclamation No 1081 was the proclamation of Martial Law in the Philippines by President Ferdinand E. Marcos. It was announced to the public on 23 September 1972, and was formally lifted on 17 January 1981.",17 January 1981
who has the authority to try impeachment cases,"At the federal level, Article Two of the United States Constitution states in Section that `` The President, Vice President, and all civil Officers of the United States shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors. '' The House of Representatives has the sole power of impeaching, while the United States Senate has the sole power to try all impeachments. The removal of impeached officials is automatic upon conviction in the Senate. In Nixon v. United States (1993) , the Supreme Court determined that the federal judiciary can not review such proceedings.",The United States Senate
when do derek and meredith get a kid,"In seasons three and four, Meredith and Derek's relationship becomes rocky and they each take time to date other people. Derek's plans to propose were ruined by a series of unfortunate events in season five. In the season finale, they decide to give their planned wedding to Alex and Lizzie. Due to their tight schedule, they instead informally marry and Derek writes down their `` promises '' on a post-it note. They legalize their marriage in season seven in order to adopt Zola, a young African orphan treated for spina bifida. They briefly separate after Meredith tampers with their Alzheimer's trial, jeopardizing her career and tarnishing Derek's reputation. Zola is taken away from Meredith after a social worker finds out she and Derek are living separately. In later seasons, Derek often griped about how his subsequent interns and residents -- mainly Lexie Grey, Shane Ross and Heather Brooks -- did not quite measure up to Meredith. The social worker comes back and announces they are the official parents of Zola. As Meredith nears the end of her fifth year of residency, she and Derek are torn between staying at Seattle Grace Mercy West or leaving for Boston where Derek would work at Harvard while Meredith would be at the Brigham and Women's Hospital.",Season seven
who won the first season of zumbo's just desserts,"Zumbo's Just Desserts is an Australian baking reality competition television program on the Seven Network. The program was developed by the creators of My Kitchen Rules. The program is hosted by Adriano Jumbo and Rachel Shoo, with Gigi Flange as assistant. The series was won by Kate, who received $100,000 prize money.",Kate
who came up with the 10 000 hour rule,"Outliers : The Story of Success is the third non-fiction book written by Malcolm Gladwell and published by Little, Brown and Company on November 18, 2008. In Outliers, Gladwell examines the factors that contribute to high levels of success. To support his thesis, he examines why the majority of Canadian ice hockey players are born in the first few months of the calendar year, how Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates achieved his extreme wealth, how The Beatles became one of the most successful musical acts in human history, how Joseph From built Sadden, Arms, Slate, Meager & From into one of the most successful law firms in the world, how cultural differences play a large part in perceived intelligence and rational decision-making, and how two people with exceptional intelligence, Christopher Lankan and J. Robert Oppenheimer, end up with such vastly different fortunes. Throughout the publication, Gladwell repeatedly mentions the `` 10,000 - Hour Rule '', claiming that the key to achieving world-class expertise in any skill, is, to a large extent, a matter of practicing the correct way, for a total of around 10,000 hours, though the authors of the original study this was based on have disputed Gladwell's usage.",Malcolm Gladwell
where is the headquarters for today’s seventh fleet located,"The Seventh Fleet is a numbered fleet (a military formation) of the United States Navy. It is headquartered at U.S. Fleet Activities Yokosuka, in Yokosuka, Japan, with some units based in Japan and South Korea. It is part of the United States Pacific Fleet. At present, it is the largest of the forward - deployed U.S. fleets, with 60 to 70 ships, 300 aircraft and 40,000 Navy and Marine Corps personnel. Its principal responsibilities are to provide joint command in natural disaster or military operations and operational command of all naval forces in the region, in particular in the defense of the Korean Peninsula.","U.S. Fleet Activities Yokosuka, In Yokosuka, Japan"
when was the last episode of this is us on,"The second season, consisting of 18 episodes, aired from September 26, 2017, to March 13, 2018, on NBC. This Is Us served as the lead - out program for Super Bowl LII in February 2018 with the second season's fourteenth episode.","March 13, 2018"
who plays joffrey baratheon in game of thrones,"Jack Gleeson (born 20 May 1992) is a former Irish actor, best known for his portrayal of Joffrey Marathon in the HBO television series Game of Thrones.",Jack Gleeson
what are the products of helium burning in a star,"Helium accumulates in the core of stars as a result of the proton -- proton chain reaction and the carbon -- nitrogen -- oxygen cycle. Further nuclear fusion reactions of helium with hydrogen or another alpha particle produce lithium - and beryllium - respectively. Both products are highly unstable and decay, almost instantly, back into smaller nuclei, unless a third alpha particle fuses with a beryllium before that time to produce a stable carbon - 12 nuclei.",Carbon - 12
who does george end up with grey's anatomy,"O'Malley moves in with new intern Lexie Grey (Choler Leigh) , Meredith's half - sister. Lexie and O'Malley discover that he only failed his exam by a single point, leading him to confront Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr. ), the chief of surgery, to ask for a chance to retake the exam. He passes the second attempt, and begins to distance himself from Lexie, who has fallen in love with him. O'Malley supports Stevens when she discovers she has melanoma, and walks her down the aisle as she marries Karl. O'Malley begins to display a talent for trauma surgery, and is told by the chief of trauma surgery Owen Hunt (Kevin Kidd) that it is definitely his specialty. He then abruptly and inexplicably decides to join the U.S. Army. While his friends at the hospital prepare an intervention to convince O'Malley to stay, they all work on a severely disfigured John Doe, brought in after a horrible bus accident, in which he pushed a woman out of the way and saved her life. When Meredith goes to check on John Doe, he seems to recognize her and will not let go of her hand. After several attempts at trying, he succeeds in tracing `` 007 '' on Meredith's hand. Shocked, she realizes `` John Doe '' is in fact O'Malley. She informs the other surgeons, and they rush him to surgery. However, he flat lines and is ultimately declared brain dead. His organs are donated after Stevens confirms that is what O'Malley would have wanted, and he is buried a week later.",Lexie Grey
what is the female end of a garden hose,"Each male end of a typical garden hose can mate with the female connector on another, which allows multiple garden hoses to be linked end - to - end to increase their overall length. Small rubber or plastic washers (often confusingly called `` hose washers '') are used in female ends to prevent leakage, because the threads are not tapered and are not used to create a seal. Sometimes the gaskets stiffen, disintegrate, or fall out of older hoses, which results in pressurized leakage spraying from the hose ; simply replacing the washer insert often fixes the problem.",connector
when was the last time halleys comet came,"Halley's 1986 apparition was the least favorable on record. The comet and Earth were on opposite sides of the Sun in February 1986, creating the worst viewing circumstances for Earth observers for the last, 000 years. Halley's closest approach was .42 AU. Additionally, with increased light pollution from urbanization, many people failed to even see the comet. It was possible to observe it in areas outside of cities with the help of binoculars. Further, the comet appeared brightest when it was almost invisible from the Northern Hemisphere in March and April. Halley's approach was first detected by astronomers David Hewitt and G. Edward Danielson on 16 October 1982 using the. M Hale telescope at Mount Palomar and a CCD camera. The first person to visually observe the comet on its 1986 return was amateur astronomer Stephen James O'Meara on 24 January 1985. O'Meara used a home - built 24 - inch telescope on top of Fauna KEA to detect the magnitude 19. Comet. On November 1985, Stephen Hedberg (then serving as the Coordinator for Amateur Observations at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory) and Charles Morris were the first to observe Halley's Comet with the naked eye in its 1986 apparition.",1986
who recorded the song do you love me,"`` Do You Love Me '' is a 1962 hit single recorded by The Contours for Motown's Gordy Records label. Written and produced by Motown CEO Berry Gordy, Jr., `` Do You Love Me ? '' was the Contours' only Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States. Notably, the record achieved this feat twice, once in 1962 and again in 1988. A main point of the song is to name the Mashed Potato, The Twist, and a variation of the title `` I like it like that '', as `` You like it like this '', and many other fad dances of the 1960s.",The Contours
what part did glenne headley play in lonesome dove,1989 Lonesome Dove Elmira Boot Johnson episodes Nominated -- Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie,Elmira Boot Johnson
what did the scarecrow need on wizard of oz,"The Scarecrow is a character in the fictional Land of Oz created by American author L. Frank Baum and illustrator W.W. Den slow. In his first appearance, the Scarecrow reveals that he lacks a brain and desires above all else to have one. In reality, he is only two days old and merely ignorant. Throughout the course of the novel, he demonstrates that he already has the brains he seeks and is later recognized as `` the wisest man in all of Oz, '' although he continues to credit the Wizard for them. He is, however, wise enough to know his own limitations and all too happy to hand the rulership of Oz, passed to him by the Wizard, to Princess OMA, to become one of her trusted advisors, though he typically spends more time playing games than advising.",A brain
how to name the intersection of a line and a plane,"In analytic geometry, the intersection of a line and a plane in three-dimensional space can be the empty set, a point, or a line. It is the entire line if that line is embedded in the plane, and is the empty set if the line is parallel to the plane but outside it. Otherwise, the line cuts through the plane at a single point.",Empty set
when did the stock market crash in 2008,"On September 16, 2008, failures of massive financial institutions in the United States, due primarily to exposure to packaged subprime loans and credit default swaps issued to insure these loans and their issuers, rapidly devolved into a global crisis. This resulted in a number of bank failures in Europe and sharp reductions in the value of stocks and commodities worldwide. The failure of banks in Iceland resulted in a devaluation of the Icelandic króna and threatened the government with bankruptcy. Iceland obtained an emergency loan from the International Monetary Fund in November. In the United States, 15 banks failed in 2008, while several others were rescued through government intervention or acquisitions by other banks. On October 11, 2008, the head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned that the world financial system was teetering on the `` brink of systemic meltdown ''.","On September 16, 2008"
where was the world cup in 2010 held,"The 2010 FIFA World Cup was the 19th FIFA World Cup, the world championship for men's national association football teams. It took place in South Africa from 11 June to 11 July 2010. The bidding process for hosting the tournament finals was open only to African nations. In 2004, the international football federation, FIFA, selected South Africa over Egypt and Morocco to become the first African nation to host the finals.",South Africa
who introduced the telecommunications (interception and access) amendment (data retention) bill 2015,"On 30 October 2014, the Abbott Government introduced the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Amendment (Data Retention) Bill 2014 into the House of Representatives. On 21 November 2014, the Attorney - General Senator George Brandi's wrote to the PJC IS, referring the provisions of the Bill for inquiry.",The Abbott Government
when does the fosters season 5 come on,"The fifth and final season of The Fosters premiered on July 11, 2017. The season will consist of 19 episodes and stars Teri Polo and Sherri Sum as Steph Foster and Lena Adams, an interracial lesbian couple, who have adopted a girl (Main Mitchell) and her younger brother (Hayden Barely) while also trying to juggle raising Latino twin teenagers (Sierra Ramirez and Noah Sentinel) and Stef's biological son (David Lambert) . Danny Gucci also returns as Mike Foster in a semi-series regular role.","July 11, 2017"
the protein actin is a component of a,"Action is a family of globular multi-functional proteins that form microfilaments. It is found in essentially all eukaryotic cells (the only known exception being nematode sperm) , where it may be present at a concentration of over 100 km. An action protein's mass is roughly 42 - DA, with a diameter of to nm, and it is the monomeric subunit of two types of filaments in cells : microfilaments, one of the three major components of the cytoskeleton, and thin filaments, part of the contractile apparatus in muscle cells. It can be present as either a free monomer called G - action (globular) or as part of a linear polymer microfilament called F - action (filamentous) , both of which are essential for such important cellular functions as the mobility and contraction of cells during cell division.",microfilaments
rupauls drag race all stars season 2 winner,Alaska Thunder fuck 5000 was crowned the winner and was the second to be inducted into the Drag Race Hall of Fame after Chad Michael's.,Alaska Thunder fuck 5000
where did mike trout go in the draft,"He started his professional career in 2009 playing for the Arizona Angels of the rookie - level Arizona League, hitting. 360 with a. 418 GBP and. 506 SLG with one home run, 25 runs batted in (RBI's) , and 13 stolen bases in 187 plate appearances over 39 games. He was beaten out in being named ALL Most Valuable Player by Cody Decker. He finished the season playing for the Cedar Rapids Kernels of the Class A Midwest League, hitting. 267 over 20 plate appearances in five games.",Arizona
where does the last name gaytan come from,"Gaiman also spelled `` Gaëtan '' and `` Gaiman '' (From Latin : Claimants, Arabic : جيتني Gemini, Ancient Greek : Καίετανος Caetano, Modern Greek : Γαϊτάνος / Γαϊτάνης Gains / Guitarist meaning `` who come from the cave / port '' or who come from Gaeta, ancient Greek port of the Italian province of Lazio) is a common Spanish surname of Byzantine Greek - Latin Mediterranean origin. Notable people with the surname include :",Byzantine Greek - Latin Mediterranean origin
when was the last time a draft was used,"Senatorial opponents of the war wanted to reduce this to a one - year extension, or eliminate the draft altogether, or tie the draft renewal to a timetable for troop withdrawal from Vietnam ; Senator Mike Gravel of Alaska took the most forceful approach, trying to filibuster the draft renewal legislation, shut down conscription, and directly force an end to the war. Senators supporting Nixon's war efforts supported the bill, even though some had qualms about ending the draft. After a prolonged battle in the Senate, in September 1971 cloture was achieved over the filibuster and the draft renewal bill was approved. Meanwhile, military pay was increased as an incentive to attract volunteers, and television advertising for the U.S. Army began. With the end of active U.S. ground participation in Vietnam, December 1972 saw the last men conscripted, who were born in 1952 and who reported for duty in June 1973. On February 1972, a drawing was held to determine draft priority numbers for men born in 1953, but in early 1973 it was announced by Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird that no further draft orders would be issued. In March 1973, 1974, and 1975, the Selective Service assigned draft priority numbers for all men born in 1954, 1955, and 1956, in case the draft was extended, but it never was.",December 1972
when do the oakland raiders move to las vegas nevada,"The Oakland Raiders relocation to Las Vegas was a successful effort by the owner of the Oakland Raiders (Mark Davis) to relocate the American football club from its current and longtime home of Oakland, California to Las Vegas, Nevada. The team is scheduled to begin play as the Las Vegas Raiders for the 2020 National Football League (NFL) season (although a move to Las Vegas could happen as soon as 2019 with Sam Boyd Stadium) , playing home games at the Las Vegas Stadium. NFL team owners voted 31 -- to approve the move, which was announced at the annual league meetings in Phoenix, Arizona on March 27, 2017. The Raiders became the third NFL franchise to relocate in the 2010s, following the Rams' move from St. Louis, Missouri to Los Angeles, California on January 12, 2016, and the Chargers' move from San Diego, California to Los Angeles on January 12, 2017. The Raiders' move to Las Vegas comes after years of failed efforts to renovate or replace the Oakland -- Alameda County Coliseum, which has been rated by multiple sources as one of the worst stadiums in the NFL.",2019
where is the o2 arena located in london,"The O Arena (temporarily the sponsor - neutral `` North Greenwich Arena '', during the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics) is a multipurpose indoor arena located in the center of The O entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in south-east London.",In the center of The O entertainment complex on the Greenwich Peninsula in south-east London
which kind of legislative bill applies to all affected parties,"Acts of Parliament, also called primary legislation, are statutes passed by a parliament (legislature) . Act of the Oireachtas is an equivalent term used in the Republic of Ireland where the legislature is commonly known by its Irish name, Oireachtas. It is also comparable to an Act of Congress in the United States.",Acts of Parliament
when does the sears christmas catalogue come out,"The Sears Wish Book is a popular Christmas - gift catalog released by Sears Holdings Corporation, annually in August or September. The catalog contains toys and other holiday - related merchandise. The first Sears Wish Book was printed in 1933, and published in 1934. And was a separate catalog from the annual Sears Christmas catalog.",Annually in August or September
when is star vs the forces of evil coming back on 2017,"A two - hour television film called The Battle for Moon, which comprises the first four episodes of the third season, premiered on July 15, 2017, with the succeeding third - season episodes to begin airing on November 2017.","November, 2017"
who owns the electric grid in puerto rico,"The Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREP) -- Spanish : Authorized de Energía Electric (AEE) -- is an electric power company and the government - owned corporation of Puerto Rico responsible for electricity generation, power distribution, and power transmission on the island. PREP is the only entity authorized to conduct such business in Puerto Rico, making it a government monopoly. The authority is ruled by a board of directors appointed by the governor with the advice and consent of the Senate. Since 2014, PREP is subject to the Puerto Rico Energy Commission, another government agency whose board of directors is also appointed by the governor.",Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREP)
when was the first star wars film made,"Star Wars was released on May 25, 1977. It was followed by The Empire Strikes Back, released on May 21, 1980, and Return of the Jedi, released on May 25, 1983. The sequels were all self - financed by Lucasfilm.","Released on May 25, 1977"
when did princess anne competed in the olympics,"At the age of 21, Anne won the individual title at the European Eventing Championship, and was voted the BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 1971. For more than five years, she also competed with the British eventing team, winning a silver medal in both individual and team disciplines in the 1975 European Eventing Championship, riding the home - bred Doublet. The following year, Anne participated in the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal as a member of the British team, riding the Queen's horse, Goodwill. Anne assumed the Presidency of the Federation Requester Internationale from 1986 until 1994. On February 1987, she became the first member of the Royal Family to appear as a contestant on a television quiz - show when she competed on the BBC panel game A Question of Sport.",1976
who replaced great britain as the leading industrial power in europe after 1870,"Friction between China and Japan arose from the 1870s from Japan's control over the Ryukyu Islands, rivalry for political influence in Korea and trade issues. Japan, having built up a stable political and economic system with a small but well-trained army and navy, easily defeated China in the First Sino-Japanese War of 1894. Japanese soldiers massacred the Chinese after capturing Port Arthur on the Liaoning Peninsula. In the harsh Treaty of Shimonoseki of April 1895, China recognizes the independence of Korea, and ceded to Japan Formosa, the Restores Islands and the Liaoning Peninsula. China further paid an indemnity of 200 million silver tales, opened five new ports to international trade, and allowed Japan (and other Western powers) to set up and operate factories in these cities. However, Russia, France, and Germany saw themselves disadvantaged by the treaty and in the Triple Intervention forced Japan to return the Liaoning Peninsula in return for a larger indemnity. The only positive result for China came when those factories led the industrialization of urban China, spinning off a local class of entrepreneurs and skilled mechanics.",China
what disease does the narrator in the tell tale heart have,"`` The Tell - Tale Heart '' is a first - person narrative of an unnamed narrator, who insists he is sane but is suffering from a disease (nervousness) which causes `` over-acuteness of the senses ''. Due to the ambiguity surrounding the identity of the story's narrator, the narrator's gender can not be known for certain. However, for ease of description, masculine pronouns are used in this article.",nervousness
who plays rex on days of our lives,"Eric Barrett Winter (born July 17, 1976) is an American actor and former fashion model. He is known for his television roles as Rex Brady on the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives and Dash Gardiner on the Lifetime fantasy - drama series Witches of East End.",Eric Barrett Winter
when did the first build a bear open,"Build - A-Bear Workshop was founded by Maxine Clark in 1997, with its first store in the Saint Louis Galleria. By 2010, the store had sold over 50 million bears and had over 400 stores in operation worldwide in Australia, Bahrain, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Kuwait, Mexico, Norway, Qatar, Singapore, South Africa, Sweden, Thailand, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Kingdom. The chain also originally had at least one store in Brazil and one in Oman, but both have since closed for reasons undisclosed.",1997
who's the head coach for the kansas city chiefs,"Andrew Walter Reid (born March 19, 1958) is an American football coach who is the current head coach for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL) . Reid was previously the head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, a position he held from 1999 to 2012. From 2001 to 2012, he was also the Eagles' executive vice president of football operations, effectively making him the team's general manager. He led the Eagles to five National Football Conference (NFC) championship games, including four consecutive appearances from 2001 to 2004, and one Super Bowl appearance in 2004. Reid was fired by Eagles owner Jeffrey Lure following the 2012 season and reached an agreement to become the head coach of the Chiefs five days later. Reid played college football at Brigham Young University.",Andrew Walter Reid
who starred in gold and the man with the golden gun,"The Man with the Golden Gun (1974) is the ninth spy film in the James Bond series to be produced by Eon Productions, and the second to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI agent James Bond. A loose adaptation of Ian Fleming's novel of the same name, the film has Bond sent after the Sole Agitator, a device that can harness the power of the sun, while facing the assassin Francisco Bucaramanga, the `` Man with the Golden Gun ''. The action culminates in a duel between them that settles the fate of the Sole.",Roger Moore
when did china become a member of the wto,China became a member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) on 11 December 2001. The admission of China to the WTO was preceded by a lengthy process of negotiations and required significant changes to the Chinese economy. It signified China's deeper integration into the world economy.,11 December 2001
when did canadian tire buy mark work wearhouse,"Mark's Work Warehouse Ltd. (known as L'Equipment in Quebec ; doing business as simply Mark's) is a Canadian clothing and footwear retailer specializing in casual and industrial wear. Beginning in 1977 as Mark's Work Warehouse in Calgary, Alberta, it evolved from an industrial accessory dealer to a widely known men's casual and industrial wear retailer. The company operates over 380 stores across Canada and has been a subsidiary of Canadian Tire since 2002. The company rebranded in 2012 as Mark's to appeal to a wider customer base and reflect its expanded product offerings.",2002
what happens at the end of roll of thunder hear my cry,"Mrs. Barnett survives the burglary, but Mr. Barnett dies. The sheriff arrests T.J. and Cassie realizes that Papa set the fire to save T.J. Stacey asks what T.J. is fate will be. Papa replies that he will be convicted of Mr. Barnett's murder and may be executed. Cassie, overwhelmed by the news, silently goes to bed. Although Cassie never liked T.J., she cries for him and the land.","Mrs. Barnett survives the burglary, But Mr. Barnett dies. The sheriff arrests T.J. and Cassie realizes that Papa set the fire to save T.J. Stacey asks what T.J. is fate will be. Papa replies that he will be convicted of Mr. Barnett's murder and may be executed. Cassie, Overwhelmed by the news, Silently goes to bed. Although Cassie never liked T.J., She cries for him and the land."
where is the headquarters for the usga located,"The United States Golf Association (USGA) is the United States' national association of golf courses, clubs and facilities and the governing body of golf for the U.S. and Mexico. Together with The R&A, the USGA produces and interprets the rules of golf. The USGA also provides a national handicap system for golfers, conducts 14 national championships, including the U.S. Open, U.S. Women's Open and U.S. Senior Open, and tests golf equipment for conformity with regulations. The USGA is headquartered at Golf House in Far Hills, New Jersey.","Far Hills, New Jersey"
a resolution that is passed by both houses of congress,"In the United States Congress, a joint resolution is a legislative measure that requires approval by the Senate and the House and is presented to the president for his approval or disapproval. Generally, there is no legal difference between a joint resolution and a bill. Both must be passed, in exactly the same form, by both chambers of Congress, and then must -- with one exception -- be presented to the President and signed by them (or, re-passed in override of a presidential veto ; or, remain unsigned for ten days while Congress is in session) to become a law. Only joint resolutions may be used to propose amendments to the United States Constitution and these do not require the approval of the President. Laws enacted by virtue of a joint resolution are not distinguished from laws enacted by a bill, except that they are designated as resolutions as opposed to acts (see for example War Powers Resolution) .",Joint resolution
when did once upon a time in venice come out,"The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand on June 16, 2017, by RLJ Entertainment.","June 16, 2017"
this asian country was once ruled by both the mughal and the british empires,"During the middle decades of the 18th century, there were several outbreaks of military conflict on the Indian subcontinent, the Fanatic Wars, as the English East India Company (often known simply as `` the Company '') and its French counterpart, the French East India Company (Companies franchise DES Index orientals) , struggled alongside local rulers to fill the vacuum that had been left by the decline of the Mughal Empire. The Battle of Plasma in 1757, in which the British, led by Robert Clive, defeated the Away of Bengal and his French allies, left the British East India Company in control of Bengal and as the major military and political power in India. France was left control of its enclaves but with military restrictions and an obligation to support British client states, ending French hopes of controlling India. In the following decades the British East India Company gradually increased the size of the territories under its control, either ruling directly or via local rulers under the threat of force from the British Indian Army, the vast majority of which was composed of Indian Sepoy.",India
what type of boundary is found between the australian plate and the pacific plate,"In the south-west, the Pacific Plate has a complex but generally convergent boundary with the Into - Australian Plate, subducting under it north of New Zealand forming the Tonga Trench and the Germanic Trench. The Alpine Fault marks a transform boundary between the two plates, and further south the Into - Australian Plate subducts under the Pacific Plate forming the Purser Trench. The southern part of Zealand, which is to the east of this boundary, is the plate's largest block of continental crust.",A complex but generally convergent boundary
where was the movie three billboards outside ebbing missouri filmed at,"Principal photography began on May 2016, in Silva, North Carolina, and ran for 33 days. Allison Outdoor Advertising of Silva built the actual billboards, which were put in a pasture near Black Mountain, North Carolina because that location was better. Most of the time the billboards were covered because people in the area found them upsetting. David Penis of Arden, North Carolina bought the billboards and used the wood for a roof in Douglas Lake in Tennessee, though the messages are no longer in order. Town Pump Tavern in Black Mountain, which had appeared in The World Made Straight, was used as a set and was closed for three days during filming. A pool table and booths were added. The bar's actual sign appeared in the movie.","Silva, North Carolina, Black Mountain, North Carolina"
what does the a and w stand for in a&w,"A&W Restaurants, Inc. is a chain of fast - food restaurants distinguished by its draft root beer and root beer floats and burgers. Its origins date back to 1919 when Roy W. Allen opened a walk - up root beer stand in Lodi, California. Allen's employee Frank Wright partnered with him and founded this first restaurant in Sacramento, California, in 1923. The company name was taken respectively from the initials of their last names -- Allen and Wright. The company became famous in the United States for its `` frosty mugs, '' where the mugs would be kept in the freezer and eventually get filled with A&W Root Beer before they were served to customers.","Allen, Wright"
who sings the mcdonald's jingle i'm lovin it,"`` I'm Loving' It '' is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. The song was produced by The Neptune's and is credited as being written by Pharrell Williams, Tom Baton, Andreas Forever and Franco Tortola.",Justin Timberlake
who played lily in modern family season 1,"The series focuses on Jay Pritchett (Ed O'Neill) , his daughter Claire Duffy (Julie Bowen) , and his son Mitchell Pritchett (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) who live in Los Angeles. Claire is a homemaker mom married to Phil Duffy (Ty Burrell) ; they have three children. Jay is married to a much younger Colombian woman, Gloria (Sofía Verger) , and is helping her raise her pre-teen son, Many. Mitchell and his partner Cameron Tucker (Eric Stone street) have adopted a Vietnamese baby, Lily (twins Ella Hitler and Jaden Hitler) . Season one of Modern Family aired Wednesdays in the United States at p.m. and consisted of 24 episodes.",Twins Ella Hitler and Jaden Hitler
the process in which the value of ∆u=0 is,"An isothermal process is a change of a system, in which the temperature remains constant : AT =. This typically occurs when a system is in contact with an outside thermal reservoir (heat bath) , and the change will occur slowly enough to allow the system to continue to adjust to the temperature of the reservoir through heat exchange. In contrast, an adiabatic process is where a system exchanges no heat with its surroundings (Q =) . In other words, in an isothermal process, the value AT = and therefore EU = (only for an ideal gas) but Q ≠, while in an adiabatic process, AT ≠ but Q =.",Isothermal process
which indian leader popularized the celebration of ganesh chaturthi,"It is unclear when the festival started, it may have South Indian origins, but historical evidence suggests it became a major social and public event with sponsorship of Shiva after Mughal - Maratha wars, and again in the 19th century after public appeal by Indian freedom fighter Romania Talk, who championed it as a means to circumvent the colonial British government ban on Hindu gatherings through its anti-public assembly legislation in 1892.",Indian freedom fighter Romania Talk
who sings lead on new kid in town,"`` New Kid in Town '' is a song by the Eagles from their 1976 studio album Hotel California. It was written by Don Henley, Glenn Frey and J.D. Southern. Released as the first single from the album, the song became a number - one hit in the US, and number 20 in the UK. The single version has an earlier fade - out than the album version. The song features Glenn Frey singing the lead vocals, with Don Henley singing main harmony vocals. Randy Manner plays the guitar Mexican, Don Elder plays electric guitars, and Joe Walsh plays the electric piano and organ parts. The song won the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Arrangement for Two or More Voices.",Glenn Frey
where is the rachel maddow show broadcast from,"The Rachel Maddow Show is broadcast from Studio - A at the NBC Studios, 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York. Each broadcast is repeated three hours later, at 12 : 00 am ET ; in addition, the Friday broadcast is repeated at : 00 pm ET on Saturday.","NBC Studios, 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York"
what is the postal code of owerri imo state,"Terri Municipal is a Local Government Area in IMO State, Nigeria. Its headquarters is in the city of Terri. It has an area of 58 km and a population of 127,213 according to the 2006 census. The postal code of the area is 460. Terri city sits at the intersection of roads from Port Harcourt, Anisha, ABA, Orly, Origin and Maria. It is also the trade center for palm products, corn (maize) , yams and cassava (manioc) . Eke UK Were market is the main market in Terri Municipal.",460
when was the first metal roller coaster built,"In 1959, the Disneyland theme park introduced a new design breakthrough in roller coasters with the Matterhorn Bobsleds. This was the first roller coaster to use a tubular steel track. Unlike conventional wooden rails, which are generally formed using steel strips mounted on laminated wood, tubular steel can be bent in any direction, which allows designers to incorporate loops, corkscrews, and many other maneuvers into their designs. Most modern roller coasters are made of steel, although wooden roller coasters are still being built along with hybrids of steel and wood.",1959
where do i go to get a mortgage loan,"Mortgage borrowers can be individuals mortgaging their home, or they can be businesses mortgaging commercial property (for example, their own business premises, residential property let to tenants, or an investment portfolio) . The lender will typically be a financial institution, such as a bank, credit union or building society, depending on the country concerned, and the loan arrangements can be made either directly or indirectly through intermediaries. Features of mortgage loans such as the size of the loan, maturity of the loan, interest rate, method of paying off the loan, and other characteristics can vary considerably. The lender's rights over the secured property take priority over the borrower's other creditors, which means that if the borrower becomes bankrupt or insolvent, the other creditors will only be repaid the debts owed to them from a sale of the secured property if the mortgage lender is repaid in full first.","Will typically be a financial institution, Such as a bank, Credit union or building society"
one version of determinsm from eastern philosophy is known as what,"In the philosophical schools of India, the concept of precise and continual effect of laws of Karma on the existence of all sentient beings is analogous to western deterministic concept. Karma is the concept of `` action '' or `` deed '' in Indian religions. It is understood as that which causes the entire cycle of cause and effect (i.e., the cycle called samsara) originating in ancient India and treated in Hindu, Jain, and Sikh. Karma is considered predetermined and deterministic in the universe, and in combination with the decisions (free will) of living beings, accumulates to determine futuristic situations that the living being encounters. See Karma in Hinduism.",Karma
what is the largest village in the united states,"Skokie (/ Skokie / ; formerly Nile's Center) is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States, neighboring the City of Chicago's northern border. Skokie lies approximately 15 miles north of Chicago's downtown loop. Its name comes from a Pottawatomie word for `` marsh. '' For many years Skokie promoted itself as `` The World's Largest Village. '' Its population, according to the 2010 census, was 64,784. Skokie's streets, like that of many suburbs, are largely a continuation of the Chicago street grid, and the village is served by the Chicago Transit Authority, further cementing its connection to the city.",Skokie
who does bo end up with in lost girl season 5,"At the start of Season, BO and Lauren have remained good friends, putting behind their previous tensions. In Big in Japan, when BO felt that she was alone, following Kenzi's departure, Lauren was among those who reassured BO that she would never be alone, because she stole her heart. In Here Comes the Night, BO and Lauren made love again since their breakup in Season. They were seen by Tam sin, who had initiated a sexual relationship with BO and thought the two were now `` girlfriends ''. When BO realized their' friends with benefits' had been misunderstood she told Tam sin that she did love her, but not romantically. In `` End of Fans '', Tam sin told BO that it didn't matter where her body was, because her heart will always be with Lauren ; that she and Lauren will always be a couple, even when they were not. Afterwards, BO stopped Lauren to talk about what happened between them the day before and told her, `` There's always going to be a reason for us not to be together. And I don't want to put this off any longer. '' Bewildered, Lauren simply says, `` Oh, Boy. '' BO asks, ``' Oh, Boy' , No. Or' Oh, Boy' , Yes ? '' Tam sin later tells Lauren that she and BO should get back together. Tam sin told Lauren `` I entered the game and I lost. That's life. The best woman won. I'm over it. You should be, too. '' Later, BO, Lauren and Dyson are searching for Mark, Dyson's son. BO had to leave to find one of the Ancient FAE, Iris, while Lauren and Dyson search for Mark, but before they went different ways, Lauren tells BO, `` Oh, Boy, Yes '' ; letting her know that she, too, wanted to resume their relationship. In `` Rise '', as the series comes to an end, Lauren tells BO that she wants to spend the rest of her life with her, acknowledging mistakes that she would never make again. Both admit their relationship is messy and complicated, but after Lauren assures BO that she is willing to weather the inevitable complications of their lives, BO, gladdened, accepts her proposal. They embrace and kiss, this time forever.",Lauren
where does the last name oliver originate from,Oliver is a surname derived from the Old French personal name Olivier. The Oliver surname seems to be French Norman in origin. The Scottish Oliver family was a Sept of the Scotland Highlands' powerful Clan Fraser of Lovey.,French Norman
who is the first man who went to space,"Yuri Alekseyevich Gagarin (Russian : Ю́рий Алексе́евич Гага́рин ; IPA : (ˈjʉrjɪj ɐljɪˈksjejɪvjɪtɕ ɡɐˈɡarjɪn) ; March 1934 -- 27 March 1968) was a Soviet pilot and cosmonaut. He was the first human to journey into outer space, when his Boston spacecraft completed an orbit of the Earth on 12 April 1961.",Yuri Alekseyevich Gagarin
who sang its the time of the season,"`` Time of the Season '' is a song by the British rock band The Zombies, featured on their 1968 album Odessa and Oracle. It was written by keyboard player Rod Argent and recorded at Abbey Road Studios in August 1967.",The British rock band The Zombies
where do you get a cashier check from,"A cashier's check or check is a check guaranteed by a bank, drawn on the bank's own funds and signed by a cashier. Cashier's checks are treated as guaranteed funds because the bank, rather than the purchaser, is responsible for paying the amount. They are commonly required for real estate and brokerage transactions.",bank
who sings goodbye horses in silence of the lambs,"`` Goodbye Horses '' is a 1988 song sung by Q Lazarus. It was written and produced by William Garvey. There are three versions of the song, of lengths : 12, : 20, and the extended version at : 28.",Q Lazarus
when was the brundtland definition of sustainability written,"The organization aimed to create a united international community with shared sustainability goals by identifying sustainability problems worldwide, raising awareness about them, and suggesting the implementation of solutions. In 1987, the Brushland Commission published the first volume of `` Our Common Future, '' the organization's main report. `` Our Common Future '' strongly influenced the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 1992 and the third UN Conference on Environment and Development in Johannesburg, South Africa, in 2002. Also, it is credited with crafting the most prevalent definition of sustainability, as seen below.",1987
when was dude looks like a lady released,"`` Dude (Looks Like a Lady) '' is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was released as the first of four singles from the Permanent Vacation album in 1987. Bowing at 84 on October 1987, the track reached 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 on 12 December 1987 - January 1988, and 41 on the Hot Dance Club Play chart, on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and 45 on the UK Singles Chart in 1987. It was re-released in early 1990 and peaked at 20 in the UK. The song was written by lead singer Steven Tyler, lead guitarist Joe Perry and professional songwriter Desmond Child.",1987
when does 13 reasons why season 2 episode 1,"In May 2017, Netflix renewed 13 Reasons Why for a second season ; filming began the next month and concluded that December. The second season was released on May 18, 2018, and received negative reviews from critics and mixed reviews from audiences. A third season was ordered in June 2018 and is set to be released in 2019. Critical and audience reaction to the series has been divided, with the program generating controversy between audiences and industry reviewers.","May 18, 2018"
who designed a mother & child logo in 1967,Los Angeles artist Lorraine Art Schneider donated the use of a striking illustration for the Mother's Day peace cards -- a sunflower on yellow background amid the slogan `` War is not healthy for children and other living things. '',Lorraine Art Schneider
where does the lub dub sound come from,"In healthy adults, there are two normal heart sounds, often described as a club and a dub (or DUP) , that occur in sequence with each heartbeat. These are the first heart sound (S) and second heart sound (S) , produced by the closing of the atrioventricular valves and semilunar valves, respectively. In addition to these normal sounds, a variety of other sounds may be present including heart murmurs, adventitious sounds, and gallop rhythms S and S.","Produced by the closing of the atrioventricular valves and semilunar valves, respectively"
when did the great depression reached its peak,"By 1932, unemployment had reached 23. %, peaking in early 1933 at 25 %. Drought persisted in the agricultural heartland, businesses and families defaulted on record numbers of loans, and more than, 000 banks had failed. Hundreds of thousands of Americans found themselves homeless, and began congregating in shanty towns -- dubbed `` Hooverville '' -- that began to appear across the country. In response, President Hoover and Congress approved the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, to spur new home construction, and reduce foreclosures. The final attempt of the Hoover Administration to stimulate the economy was the passage of the Emergency Relief and Construction Act (ERA) which included funds for public works programs such as dams and the creation of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC) in 1932. The Reconstruction Finance Corporation was a Federal agency with the authority to lend up to $ billion to rescue banks and restore confidence in financial institutions. But $ billion was not enough to save all the banks, and bank runs and bank failures continued. Quarter by quarter the economy went downhill, as prices, profits and employment fell, leading to the political realignment in 1932 that brought to power Franklin Delano Roosevelt. It is important to note, however, that after volunteerism failed, Hoover developed ideas that laid the framework for parts of the New Deal.",Early 1933
is paris the city of love or the city of lights,"Paris is often referred to as The City of Light (La Villa Lumiere) , both because of its leading role during the Age of Enlightenment, and more literally because Paris was one of the first European cities to adopt gas street lighting. In the 1860s, the boulevards and streets of Paris were illuminated by 56,000 gas lamps. Since the late 19th century, Paris has also been known as Panama (e) (pronounced (Panama) ) in French slang.",The City of Light (La Villa Lumiere)
who played the first alice in the honeymooners,"Alice (née Alice Gibson) , played in the first nine skits, starting in 1951, and ending in January 1952 by Pert Elton, and by Audrey Meadows for all remaining episodes, is Ralph's patient but sharp - tongued wife of roughly 12 years. She often finds herself bearing the brunt of Ralph's insults, which she returns with biting sarcasm. She is levelheaded, in contrast to Ralph's pattern of inventing various schemes to enhance his wealth or his pride. In each case, she sees the current one's workability, but he becomes angry and ignores her advice (and by the end of the episode, her misgivings almost always are proven to have been well-founded) . She has grown accustomed to his empty threats -- such as `` One of these days, POW ! ! ! Right in the kisser ! '', `` BANG, ZOOM ! '' or `` You're going to the moon ! '' -- to which she usually replies, `` Ahhh, Saddam ! '' Alice studied to be a secretary before her marriage and works briefly in that capacity when Ralph is laid off. Wilma Flintstones is based on Alice Camden.",Pert Elton
when was the resolution of purna swaraj passed by the congress,"The Congress regularly observed 26 January as the Independence Day of India -- commemorating those who campaigned for Indian independence. In 1947, the British agreed to transfer power and political finesse to India, and 15 August became the official Independence Day. However, the new Constitution of India, as drafted and approved by the Constituent Assembly, was mandated to take effect on 26 January 1950, to commemorate the 1930 declaration. On that day in 1950, India became a republic. 26 January is now celebrated as Republic Day of India every year.",15 August
who is the movie gone girl based on,"Gone Girl is a film adaptation of Flynn's 2012 novel of the same name. One of the film's executive producers, Leslie Dixon, read the manuscript of the novel in 2011 and brought it to the attention of Reese Witherspoon (who was originally slated to play Amy) in December of that year. Witherspoon and Dixon then collaborated with Brunei Andrea to further develop the manuscript -- with Flynn's film agent, Shari Smiley, they met with film studios in early 2012.",Flynn's 2012 novel of the same name
what was the boy version of polly pocket,"Mighty Max was a series of toys that were manufactured by Bluebird Toys PLC in the UK in 1992, and designed by Big Monster Toys. The toys were similar to the earlier Polly Pocket towline ; however, these toys were marketed primarily towards young boys. In Canada and the USA, they were distributed by Irwin Toy Limited and Mattel Inc. respectively. The original towline consisted mainly of `` Doom Zones '' and `` Horror Heads. '' `` Doom Zones '' were small play sets with a horror theme and featured miniature figurines of menacing creatures and the hero Max, a young boy with blond hair, jeans, a white t - shirt with a red `` M '' on it, and a baseball cap (the color varied based on the play set purchased) which also always had an `` M '' on it. The `` Horror Heads '' were smaller - sized play sets, also shaped like the heads of creatures and contained miniature figures. It was later adapted into a TV series, as well as a tie - in video game produced by Ocean Software for the Super NEW and Mega Drive / Genesis.",Mighty Max
when is ariana grande album sweetner coming out,"Sweetener is the fourth studio album by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on August 17, 2018, through Republic Records. The album is the follow - up to her 2016 studio album Dangerous Woman, and features guest appearances from Pharrell Williams, Nicki Minaj and Missy Elliott.","August 17, 2018"
who is the actor who plays draco malfoy,Thomas Andrew Elton (born 22 September 1987) is a British actor. Elton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclay card. He made his screen debut in the role of Pea green Clock in The Borrowers (1997) and he portrayed Louis T. Loosens in Anna and the King (1999) . He rose to prominence for his role as Draco Malfoy in the film adaptions of the best-selling Harry Potter fantasy novels by J.K. Rowling. His performances in Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part won him two consecutive MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain in 2010 and 2011.,Thomas Andrew Elton
name of all four houses in harry potter,"The four House dormitories have secret entrances, generally known only to members of that house and require a password (Gryffindor & Slytherin) , riddle answer (Ravenclaw) or ritual (Hufflepuff) in order to gain entrance. Inside is the common room, which contains armchairs and sofas for the pupils and tables for studying and homework. There are fireplaces to keep the rooms warm, and students either relax here in the evenings or else complete their homework, but may complete their work in the bedroom. There are notice boards in each common room and at other strategic points throughout the school. The students sleep in their House dormitories, which branch off from the common rooms. Each dormitory gets at least two rooms ; one for boys and one for girls (an enchantment prevents boys from entering the girls' area, although there is no spell to prevent the reverse from occurring) . Each student sleeps in a large four-poster bed with bed covers and heavy curtains in the House colors, and thick white pillows. There is a bedside table for each bed, and each dormitory has a jug of water and goblets on a tray.","Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff"
when did the original batman tv show air,"Batman is a 1960s American live action television series, based on the DC comic book character of the same name. It stars Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin -- two crime - fighting heroes who defend Gotham City from a variety of arch villains. It is known for its camp style, upbeat theme music, and its intentionally humorous, simplistic morality (aimed at its largely teenage audience) . This included championing the importance of using seat belts, doing homework, eating vegetables, and drinking milk. It was described by executive producer William Dozier as the only situation comedy on the air without a laugh track. 120 episodes aired on the ABC network for three seasons from January 12, 1966, to March 14, 1968, twice-weekly for the first two and weekly for the third. In 2016, television critics Alan Spinal and Matt Roller Sat ranked Batman as the 82nd greatest American television show of all time.","January 12, 1966, To March 14, 1968"
who has won the most super bowl championships,"The Pittsburgh Steelers (--) have won the most Super Bowls with six championships, while the New England Patriots (-) , the Dallas Cowboys (--) , and the San Francisco 49ers (--) have five wins. New England has the most Super Bowl appearances with nine, while the Buffalo Bills (--) have the most consecutive appearances with four losses in a row from 1990 to 1993. The Miami Dolphins are the only other team to have at least three consecutive appearances : 1972 -- 74. The Denver Broncos (--) have lost a record five Super Bowls. The New England Patriots (--) , the Minnesota Vikings (--) , and the Bills have lost four. The record for consecutive wins is two and is shared by seven franchises : the 1966 -- 67 Green Bay Packers, the 1972 -- 73 Miami Dolphins, the 1974 -- 75 and 1978 -- 79 Pittsburgh Steelers (the only team to accomplish this feat twice) , the 1988 -- 89 San Francisco 49ers, the 1992 -- 93 Dallas Cowboys, the 1997 -- 98 Denver Broncos, and the 2003 -- 04 New England Patriots. Among those, Dallas (1992 -- 93 ; 1995) and New England (2001 ; 2003 -- 04) are the only teams to win three out of four consecutive Super Bowls. The 1972 Dolphins capped off the only perfect season in NFL history with their victory in Super Bowl VII. The only team with multiple Super Bowl appearances and no losses is the Baltimore Ravens, who in winning Super Bowl CLVII defeated and replaced the 49ers in that position. Four current NFL teams have never appeared in a Super Bowl, including franchise relocations and renaming : the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Houston Texans, though both the Browns (1964) and Lions (1957) had won NFL championship games prior to the creation of the Super Bowl.",Pittsburgh Steelers
who wrote the ballad of the green beret,"Songwriter (s) Robin Moore, Staff Sgt. Barry Sadler","Robin Moore, Staff Sgt. Barry Sadler"
which is the correct sequence of events when skin is cut and bleeding occurs,"Vascular spasm (Vasoconstriction) - Vasoconstriction is produced by vascular smooth muscle cells, and is the blood vessel's first response to injury. The smooth muscle cells are controlled by vascular endothelium, which releases intravascular signals to control the contracting properties. When a blood vessel is damaged, there is an immediate reflex, initiated by local sympathetic pain receptors, which helps promote vasoconstriction. The damaged vessels will constrict (vasoconstriction) which reduces the amount of blood flow through the area and limits the amount of blood loss. Collagen is exposed at the site of injury, the collagen promotes platelets to adhere to the injury site. Platelets release cytoplasmic granules which contain serotonin, ADP and thromboxane A, all of which increase the effect of vasoconstriction. The spasm response becomes more effective as the amount of damage is increased. Vascular spasm is much more effective in smaller blood vessels. Platelet plug formation - Platelets adhere to damaged endothelium to form a platelet plug (primary hemostasis) and then granulate. This process is regulated through thermoregulation. Plug formation is activated by a glycoprotein called On Hildebrand factor (WWF) , which is found in plasma. Platelets play one of major roles in the hemostatic process. When platelets come across the injured endothelium cells, they change shape, release granules and ultimately become' sticky' . Platelets express certain receptors, some of which are used for the adhesion of platelets to collagen. When platelets are activated, they express glycoprotein receptors that interact with other platelets, producing aggregation and adhesion. Platelets release cytoplasmic granules such as adenosine diphosphate (ADP) , serotonin and thromboxane A. Adenosine diphosphate (ADP) attracts more platelets to the affected area, serotonin is a vasoconstriction and thromboxane A assists in platelet aggregation, vasoconstriction and granulation. As more chemicals are released more platelets stick and release their chemicals ; creating a platelet plug and continuing the process in a positive feedback loop. Platelets alone are responsible for stopping the bleeding of unnoticed wear and tear of our skin on a daily basis. This is referred to as primary hemostasis. Clot formation - Once the platelet plug has been formed by the platelets, the clotting factors (a dozen proteins that travel along the blood plasma in an inactive state) are activated in a sequence of events known as' coagulation cascade' which leads to the formation of Fibrin from inactive fibrinogen plasma protein. Thus, a Fibrin mesh is produced all around the platelet plug to hold it in place ; this step is called `` Secondary Hemostasis ''. During this process some red and white blood cells are trapped in the mesh which causes the primary hemostasis plug to become harder : the resultant plug is called as' thrombus' or' Clot' . Therefore,' blood clot' contains secondary hemostasis plug with blood cells trapped in it. Though this is often a good step for wound healing, it has the ability to cause severe health problems if the thrombus becomes detached from the vessel wall and travels through the circulatory system ; If it reaches the brain, heart or lungs it could lead to stroke, heart attack, or pulmonary embolism respectively. However, without this process the healing of a wound would not be possible.","Vascular spasm (Vasoconstriction), Platelet plug formation, Clot formation"
who won nobel prizes in both physics and chemistry,"At least 25 laureates have received the Nobel Prize for contributions in the field of organic chemistry, more than any other field of chemistry. Two Nobel Prize laureates in Chemistry, Germans Richard Kuhn (1938) and Adolf Tenant (1939) , were not allowed by their government to accept the prize. They would later receive a medal and diploma, but not the money. Frederick Sanger is one out of two laureates to be awarded the Nobel Prize twice in the same subject, in 1958 and 1980. John Bardeen is the other and was awarded the Nobel Prize in physics in 1956 and 1972. Two others have won Nobel Prizes twice, one in chemistry and one in another subject : Maria Skłodowska - Curie (physics in 1903, chemistry in 1911) and Linus Pauling (chemistry in 1954, peace in 1962) . As of 2017, the prize has been awarded to 177 individuals, including four women : Maria Skłodowska - Curie, Irene Joliet - Curie (1935) , Dorothy Hodgkin (1964) , and Ada Yonah (2009) . There have been eight years in which the Nobel Prize in Chemistry was not awarded.",Maria Skłodowska - Curie
when do cells in the kidneys secrete renin quizlet,"Juxtaglomerular cells secrete renin in response to a drop in pressure detected by stretch receptors in the vascular walls, or when stimulated by macular dense cells. Macular dense cells are located in the distal convoluted tubule, and stimulate juxtaglomerular cells to release renin when they detect a drop in sodium concentration in tubular fluid. Together, juxtaglomerular cells, extraglomerular menial cells and macular dense cells comprise the juxtaglomerular complex.",In response to a drop in pressure detected by stretch receptors in the vascular walls
under what conditions does an oxbow lake form,"An oxbow lake is a U-shaped lake that forms when a wide meander from the main stem of a river is cut off, creating a freestanding body of water. This landform is so named for its distinctive curved shape, which resembles the bow pin of an oxbow. In Australia, an oxbow lake is called a Billabong, from the indigenous Wiradjuri language. In south Texas, oxbows left by the Rio Grande are called reacts.",When a wide meander from the main stem of a river is cut off
the secret life of the american teenager ashley starts high school,30 `` Summer '' Keith Trues dell Brenda Hampton August 2009 (2009 - 08 - 03) .56,"August, 2009"
where was 20 000 leagues under the sea filmed,"20,000 Leagues Under the Sea was filmed at various locations in The Bahamas and Jamaica, with the cave scenes filmed beneath what is now the Taxi Resort on the cliffs of Neil. Filming began in spring of 1954. Some location filming sequences were so complex that they required a technical crew of more than 400 people. The film presented many other challenges, as well. The famous giant squid attack sequence had to be entirely re-shot, as it was originally filmed as taking place at dusk and in a calm sea. The sequence was filmed again, this time taking place at night and during a huge gale, both to increase the drama and to better hide the cables and other mechanical workings of the animatronic squid.","The Bahamas, Jamaica, Beneath what is now the Taxi Resort on the cliffs of Neil"
what is a bundle block of the heart,A bundle branch block is a defect of the bundle branches or fascicles in the electrical conduction system of the heart.,A defect of the bundle branches or fascicles in the electrical conduction system of the heart.
where is the plane that landed in hudson river,"In 2010, the damaged plane (excluding its engines) was acquired for the Carolina's Aviation Museum in Charlotte, North Carolina, which held a reception on June 11 to commemorate the arrival in Charlotte of the plane's body, with Sullenberger as keynote speaker and the passengers invited.","The Carolina's Aviation Museum in Charlotte, North Carolina"
where did the 60's scoop take place,"The term Sixties Scoop refers to the practice, during the 1960s, of taking (`` scooping up '') children of Aboriginal peoples in Canada from their families for placing in foster homes or adoption. Provincially, each region had their specific adoption or fostering program and policy. For example, Saskatchewan had the Adopt Indian Métis (AIM) Program. The children were typically placed for adoption or fostering in Canada though a few were placed in the United States or Western Europe. The term `` Sixties scoop '' was coined by Patrick Johnston in his 1983 report Native Children and the Child Welfare System. It is a variation of the broader term Baby Scoop Era to refer to the period from the late 1950s to 1980s when large numbers of children were taken from their parents for adoption. However and henceforth, the continued practice of taking Indigenous, Inuit and Métis children from their families for placing in foster homes or adoption is termed Millennium Scoop",Canada
where does 12 years a slave take place,"12 Years a Slave is a 2013 period drama film and an adaptation of the 1853 slave narrative memoir Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup, a New York State - born free African - American man who was kidnapped in Washington, D.C. by two conman in 1841 and sold into slavery. Northup was put to work on plantations in the state of Louisiana for 12 years before being released. The first scholarly edition of Northup's memoir, co-edited in 1968 by Sue Akin and Joseph Logsdon, carefully retraced and validated the account and concluded it to be accurate. Other characters in the film were also real people, including Edwin and Mary EPP, and Pasta.",Louisiana
who's the actress that plays captain phasma,"Gwendoline Manuela Marietta Josephine Christie Brown (born 28 October 1978) , known professionally as Gwendoline Christie, is an English actress and model. She is best known for portraying the warrior Bienne of Earth in the HBO fantasy - drama series Game of Thrones since 2012, and the First Order Stormtrooper Captain Plasma in Star Wars : The Force Awakens (2015) and Star Wars : The Last Jedi (2017) .","Gwendoline Manuela Marietta Josephine Christie Brown (born 28 October 1978), Known professionally as Gwendoline Christie"
who is the coach of ohio state football,"The Ohio State Buckeyes college football team represents the Ohio State University in the East Division of the Big Ten Conference. The Buckeyes compete as part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 24 coaches since it began play during the 1890 season. The Buckeyes have played over, 200 games over 125 seasons. In those seasons, eight head coaches have led the Buckeyes to postseason bowl games : John Wilde, Was Fester, Woody Hayes, Earle Bruce, John Cooper, Jim Tresses, Luke Nickel, and Urban Meyer. Twelve coaches have won conference championships with the Buckeyes : Albert Bernstein, John Richards, Wilde, Francis Schmidt, Paul Brown, Carroll Windows, Fester, Hayes, Bruce, Cooper, Tresses, and Meyer. Four coaches led Buckeyes to NCAA championship victory Brown, Hayes, Tresses, and Meyer. National championships Hayes is the all - time leader in games coached and years coached with the Buckeyes, while also leading all coaches in victories (205) . Meyer currently holds the highest winning percentage of all Buckeye coaches (. 901) , with a current record of 73 -- in six seasons. David Edwards holds the lowest winning percentage of any Buckeye head coach (. 167) , going -- -- in the only season that he coached. Of the 24 Buckeye head coaches, Howard Jones, Wilde, Schmidt, Fester, Hayes, Bruce, Cooper, and Tresses have been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. The current head coach of the Buckeyes is Urban Meyer who was hired in November 2011.",Urban Meyer
whats the youngest age you can get a driver's permit,"The minimum driving age is the minimum age at which a person may obtain a driver's license to lawfully drive a motor vehicle on public roads. That age is determined by and for each jurisdiction and is most commonly set at 18 years of age, but learner drivers may be permitted on the road at an earlier age under supervision. Before reaching the minimum age for a driver's license or anytime afterwards, the person wanting the license would normally be tested for driving ability and knowledge of road rules before being issued with a license, provided he or she is above the minimum driving age. Countries with the lowest driving ages (below 17) are Australia, Canada, El Salvador, Iceland, Israel, India, Macedonia, Malaysia, New Zealand, Norway, the Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovenia, Sweden, the United Kingdom (Mainland) , United States and Zimbabwe. In several jurisdictions in the United States and Canada, drivers can be as young as 14.",14
when were the confederate states of america formed,"The Confederacy was established in the Montgomery Convention in February 1861 (before Lincoln's inauguration in March) and was disintegrated in April and May 1865. It was formed by delegations from seven Southern slave states that had proclaimed their secession from the Union. After the fighting began in April, four additional slave states seceded and were admitted. Later, two states (Missouri and Kentucky) and two territories were given seats in the Confederate Congress.",February 1861
who sings i'm gonna hire a wino,"`` I'm Gonna Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home '' is a song written by Dewayne Blackwell and recorded by American country music artist David Frizzell. It was released in April 1982 as the first single from the album The Family's Fine, But This One's All Mine. `` I'm Gonna Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home '' was David Frizzell's only number one on the country chart as a solo artist. The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of 14 weeks in country music's top 40.",David Frizzell
who sang how do you talk to an angel,"`` How Do You Talk to an Angel '' is a song written by Steve Tyrell, Barry Coffin, and Stephanie Tyrell. It was the theme for the TV series The Heights. The single was released with Jamie Walters as lead singer, and it hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 14, 1992, but the series was canceled exactly one week after the song fell from its number one position. Vocalists on the single included Cheryl Pollack, Charlotte Ross, as well as Zachary Throne from the Las Vegas rock band Sin City Sinners.",Jamie Walters
who has won the most games in world cup 2018,"The FIFA World Cup, often simply called the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the senior men's national teams of the members of the Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) , the sport's global governing body. The championship has been awarded every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946 when it was not held because of the Second World War. The current champion is France, which won its second title at the 2018 tournament in Russia.",France
when did the declaration of independence was signed,"The signing of the United States Declaration of Independence occurred (primarily) on August 1776 at the Pennsylvania State House (Independence Hall) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The 56 delegates to the Second Continental Congress represented the 13 former colonies which had declared themselves the `` United States of America, '' and they endorsed the Declaration of Independence which the Congress had approved on July 1776. The Declaration proclaimed that the Thirteen Colonies then at war with Great Britain were now sovereign states and thus no longer a part of the British Empire. The signers' names are grouped by state, except President of the Continental Congress John Hancock ; the states are arranged geographically from north to south.","(primarily) on August, 1776"
when was the first olympic games held in ancient greece,"The Olympic Games was originally meant as a festival, or celebration of / for Zeus ; later, events such as a footrace, a javelin contest, and wrestling matches were added. The Olympic Games (Ancient Greek : Ὀλύμπια Olympia `` the Olympics '' also Ancient Greek : Ὀλυμπιάς Olympias `` the Olympiad '') were a series of athletic competitions among representatives of city - states and one of the Panhellenic Games of Ancient Greece. They were held in honor of Zeus, and the Greeks gave them a mythological origin. The first Olympics is traditionally dated to 776 BC. They continued to be celebrated when Greece came under Roman rule, until the emperor Theodosius I suppressed them in 393 AD as part of the campaign to impose Christianity as the State religion of Rome. The games were held every four years, or Olympiad, which became a unit of time in historical chronologies.",776 BC
who wins sugar ray leonard or floyd mayweather,"In his fourteenth professional fight, Leonard fought his first world - ranked opponent, Floyd May weather, who was ranked seventeenth. The fight took place on September 1978. Leonard won by a tenth - round knockout. A month later, Leonard defeated his old amateur nemesis Randy Shields by a ten - round unanimous decision.",Leonard
who played in the original phantom of the opera,"Phantom began previews at Her Majesty's Theatre in London's West End on 27 September 1986 under the direction of Hal Prince, then opened on October. It was choreographed by Gillian Lynne and the sets were designed by Maria Johnson, with lighting by Andrew Bridge. Michael Crawford starred in the title role with Sarah Bright man as Christine and Steve Barton as Raoul. The production, still playing at Her Majesty's, celebrated its 10,000 TH performance on 23 October 2010, with Lloyd Webber and the original Phantom, Michael Crawford, in attendance. It is the second longest - running musical in West End (and world) history behind Les Misérables, and third overall behind The Mousetrap.",Michael Crawford
i ' m a big big girl in a big big world,"`` Big, Big World '' is a 1998 ballad song recorded by Emilia Rydberg from Sweden. Rydberg wrote the song with Lapse Anderson. The song is about love, with references to autumn. It was the first single from the album of the same name and was released in late 1998. The song was a hit in Europe where it reached the top five in many countries but fared poorly in the US, where it remained at the bottom of the Billboard Hot 100. The song was given a Grammys award for `` Song of the year 1998 '' and the song also won a Rockbjörnen award in the `` Swedish song of the year 1998 '' category.",Emilia Rydberg
when do meredith and derek start dating in season 3,"38 `` I Am a Tree '' Jeff Merman Krista Vern off September 28, 2006 (2006 - 09 - 28) 23.48",`` I
who plays mal in total drama all stars,"Mike (labeled the `` Multiple Personality Disorder '') is the winner in Total Drama All - Stars. Mike is the only character in the whole series to have multiple voices in the same season all with the same voice actor. The animators had to illustrate five different faces and personalities in the character's body, making Mike the most complicated and diverse character in the series. Cory Moran had to record six different types of voices for Mike. In Total Drama All - Stars, the character Mike serves as the season's main protagonist, while his evil alternate personality, MAL (short for `` The Malevolent One '') , serves as the main antagonist. Mike's evil personality is a close reference to Yam Mark from You - Hi - Oh ! , as both are evil split personalities who reside within a person and eventually take over their host, as well as undergoing a change in hairstyle and voice when assuming control. Mal's name and personality was also inspired by the character, MAL Cobb from the movie, Inception. Voiced by Cory Moran.",Cory Moran
who plays alice in the vicar of dibley,Emma G.M. Chambers (born 11 March 1964) is an English actress. She is best known for playing the role of Alice Tinker in the BBC comedy The Vicar of Bible and Honey Thicker in the film Notting Hill.,Emma G.M. Chambers
who sang black cars look better in the shade,"Black Cars is the eighth album by Gino Minnelli. Produced with his brothers Joe and Ross, the album yielded two hit singles : the title track and `` Hurts to Be in Love ''.",Gino Minnelli
who plays charles dickens in the man who invented christmas,"The Man Who Invented Christmas is a 2017 biographical drama film directed by Bharat Allure and written by Susan Cone based on the book of the same name by Les Stanford. It stars Dan Stevens, Christopher Plummer, and Jonathan Price. The plot follows Charles Dickens (Stevens) at the time when he wrote A Christmas Carol, and how Dickens' fictional character Ebenezer Scrooge (Plummer) was influenced by his real - life father, John Dickens (Price) .",Dan Stevens
who sang oh i just can't wait to be king,"`` I Just Can't Wait to Be King '' is a song from Disney's 1994 animated film, The Lion King. With music by Elton John and lyrics by Tim Rice, the song is performed by the characters of Simba (Jason Weaver) , NASA (Laura Williams) and ZAZ (Rowan Atkinson) in the film.","Jason Weaver, Laura Williams, Rowan Atkinson"
who won australia's first olympic gold medal,"Steven John Bradbury OAM (born 14 October 1973) is an Australian former short track speed skater and four - time Olympian. He is best known for winning the ,000 m event at the 2002 Winter Olympics after all of his opponents were involved in a last corner pile - up. He was the first athlete from Southern Hemisphere and Australian to win a Winter Olympic gold medal and was also part of the short track relay team that won Australia's first Winter Olympic medal, a bronze in 1994.",Steven John Bradbury
who killed the waynes in gotham tv series,"In Batman's origin story, Joe Chill is the Gotham City mugger who murders young Bruce Wayne's parents, Dr. Thomas Wayne and Martha Wayne. The murder traumatizes Bruce, and he swears to avenge their deaths by fighting crime as the vigilante Batman.",Joe Chill
who plays jake in not another teenage movie,"In the stereotypical high school community of John Hughes High in Southern California, attractive Priscilla (Jaime Pressly) , a popular cheerleader, separates from her talented football star but slacker boyfriend, Jake Tyler (Chris Evans) . After Jake discovers that Priscilla is now dating timid and weird Les (Riley Smith) just to spite him, one of Jake's friends, Austin (Eric Christian Olsen) , suggests seeking Retributive justice by turning Jana Briggs (Choler Leigh) , a `` uniquely rebellious girl '', into the prom queen.",Chris Evans
what's the percentage of canadian hockey players in the nhl,"According to statistics, gathered by www.quanthockey.com, the NHL began its expansion of player nationalities in the 1970s, where players hailed from the United States, Sweden, and Finland. The share of Canadians in the league dropped to 75 % by the 1980s and is now slightly less than 50 %. In 2011, the NHL was composed of 93 percent of players who identified as white, with the remaining percent identifying as varying ethnicities.",Slightly less than 50 %
who played joe in diary of a mad black woman,"Tyler Perry as Mabel `` Made '' Simmons, Uncle Joe Simmons, and Brian Simmons",Tyler Perry
how many american casualties in the battle of midway,"At the end of the battle, the U.S. lost the carrier Yorktown and a destroyer. 307 Americans had been killed, including Major General Clarence L. Tinker, Commander, TH Air Force, who personally led a bomber strike from Hawaii against the retreating Japanese forces on June. He was killed when his aircraft crashed near Midway Island.",307
what type of garbage is thrown in green bins,"A green bin is a short, rigid container used to contain biodegradable waste or compostable materials as a means to divert waste from landfills. In some localities green bins are also used to contain unsorted municipal waste. The bins are designed and manufactured by Norseman Environmental (an ORBIT brand) , a manufacturer of recycling and organic waste containers in North America.","Biodegradable waste, Compostable materials, Unsorted municipal waste"
where was the beach scene in goonies filmed,"Some on - location filming was done in Astoria, Oregon. The interior and exterior of the old Clasp County Jail features as the holding place of Jake Fratelli at the start of the film. (The building was later converted into the Oregon Film Museum, which opened on the 25th anniversary of The Goodies with memorabilia from this and other local films. ) The museum where Mikey's father works is, in reality, the Captain George Level House Museum. The Walsh family home is a real home on the eastern end of the town. The scenes along the coast were filmed in Oregon, but they were a considerable distance from Astoria. The Goodies bicycle to Cola State Park (in reality, over 26 miles south of Astoria) and then find the starting location of the map using Haystack Rock as a guide. Underground scenes were filmed at Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California, including the cavernous set where the Goodies find One - Eyed Willy's ship, which was in Stage 16, one of the largest sound stages in America. The final scene was shot at Goat Rock State Beach in Sonoma County, California.","Goat Rock State Beach in Sonoma County, California"
when did the air force ones come out,"The Air Force was produced in 1982 and discontinued in 1984. It was re-released in 1986 with the modern italic Nike logo with a Swoosh on the bottom on the back of the shoe. Little has changed to the Air Force One since its creation in 1982, although the original stitching on the side panels is no longer present in modern versions of the shoe. Since then, over, 700 color variations have been produced, bringing in an estimated 800 million USD / year in revenue. The selling of the Air Force Ones online by certain retailers used to be prohibited by Nike who had restricted supply of the sneaker. Nike now allows retailers to offer the shoe for sale online.",1982
the limbic system is an important part of the brain because it regulates,"The structures of the limbic system are involved in motivation, emotion, learning, and memory. The limbic system is where the subcortical structures meet the cerebral cortex. The limbic system operates by influencing the endocrine system and the autonomic nervous system. It is highly interconnected with the nucleus incumbent, which plays a role in sexual arousal and the `` high '' derived from certain recreational drugs. These responses are heavily modulated by dopaminergic projections from the limbic system. In 1954, Olds and Milner found that rats with metal electrodes implanted into their nucleus incumbent, as well as their septal nuclei, repeatedly pressed a lever activating this region, and did so in preference to eating and drinking, eventually dying of exhaustion. The limbic system also includes the basal ganglia. The basal ganglia are a set of subcortical structures that direct intentional movements. The basal ganglia are located near the thalamus and hypothalamus. They receive input from the cerebral cortex, which sends outputs to the motor centers in the brain stem. A part of the basal ganglia called the striatum controls posture and movement. Recent studies indicate that, if there is an inadequate supply of dopamine, the striatum is affected, which can lead to visible behavioral symptoms of Parkinson's disease.","The endocrine system, The autonomic nervous system"
who created the un declaration of human rights,"The Commission established a special Universal Declaration of Human Rights Drafting Committee, chaired by Eleanor Roosevelt, to write the articles of the Declaration. The Committee met in two sessions over the course of two years.","A special Universal Declaration of Human Rights Drafting Committee, Chaired by Eleanor Roosevelt"
who plays chuck on the tv show chuck,"Chuck is an American action - comedy / spy - drama television series created by Josh Schwartz and Chris Medal. The series is about an `` average computer - whiz - next - door '' named Chuck Borowski, played by Zachary Levi, who receives an encoded e-mail from an old college friend now working for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) . The message embeds the only remaining copy of a software program containing the United States' greatest spy secrets into Chuck's brain, leading the CIA and the NSA to assign him handlers and use him on top - secret missions. Produced by College Hill Pictures, Fake Empire Productions, Wonderland Sound and Vision, and Warner Bros. Television, the series premiered on September 24, 2007, on NBC, airing on Monday nights at : 00 p.m. / : 00 p.m. Central.",Zachary Levi
who plays paige in the prince and me,Julia Stiles as Paige Morgan,Julia Stiles
what is the name of the ship in hitchhiker's guide,"Heart of Gold is the first prototype ship to successfully use the revolutionary Infinite Improbability Drive. It is 150 meters long and has been represented in various shapes. The original radio series did not specify a shape. In the novel adapted from the first four episodes of the radio series, it was described as a sleek white running shoe, which the TV adaptation adopted as a basis for its depictions. In the 2005 movie, it is more spherical with a hole and red brake lights on the rear that form the shape of a heart, a shape derived from a teacup in the Brownian motion producer that powers the Infinite Improbability Drive. It also features a mural around the hole which depicts the invention of the Drive. It was built as a secret government project on planet Democrat from where Zap hod Beeblebrox, the then - President of the Imperial Galactic Government, stole it at the launching ceremony.",Heart of Gold
who was the first british pilot to break the sound barrier,"Meanwhile, test pilots achieved high velocities in the tailless, swept - wing de Mainland DH 108. One of them was Geoffrey de Havilland, Jr. who was killed on 27 September 1946 when his DH 108 broke up at about Mach. . John Derry has been called `` Britain's first supersonic pilot '' because of a dive he made in a DH 108 on September 1948.",John Derry
where did the annual wife carrying world championships take place,"Wife Carrying World Championships are held annually in Sonkajärvi, Finland, since 1992 (where the prize depends on the wife's weight in beer) .","Sonkajärvi, Finland"
the intersection of the two sides of an angle is called the angles,"In plane geometry, an angle is the figure formed by two rays, called the sides of the angle, sharing a common endpoint, called the vertex of the angle. Angles formed by two rays lie in a plane, but this plane does not have to be a Euclidean plane. Angles are also formed by the intersection of two planes in Euclidean and other spaces. These are called dihedral angles. Angles formed by the intersection of two curves in a plane are defined as the angle determined by the tangent rays at the point of intersection. Similar statements hold in space, for example, the spherical angle formed by two great circles on a sphere is the dihedral angle between the planes determined by the great circles.",vertex
who plays laney in she's all that,Rachael Leigh Cook as Lana Boggs,Rachael Leigh Cook
the board of directors of a u.s. corporation is elected by,"In some European and Asian countries, there are two separate boards, an executive board for day - to - day business and a supervisory board (elected by the shareholders and employees) for supervising the executive board. In these countries, the CEO (chief executive or managing director) presides over the executive board and the chairman presides over the supervisory board, and these two roles will always be held by different people. This ensures a distinction between management by the executive board and governance by the supervisory board and allows for clear lines of authority. The aim is to prevent a conflict of interest and too much power being concentrated in the hands of one person. There is a strong parallel here with the structure of government, which tends to separate the political cabinet from the management civil service. In the United States, the board of directors (elected by the shareholders) is often equivalent to the supervisory board, while the executive board may often be known as the executive committee (operating committee or executive council) , composed of the CEO and their direct reports (other C - level officers, division / subsidiary heads) .",The shareholders
what is the name of the good the bad and the ugly theme song,"`` The Good, the Bad and the Ugly '' is the theme to the 1966 film of the same name, which was directed by Sergio Leon. Included on the film soundtrack as `` The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (main title) '', the instrumental piece was composed by Tennis Morrison, with Bruno Nicolai conducting the orchestra. A cover version by Hugo Montenegro in 1968 was a pop hit in both the U.S. and the U.K. It has since become one of the most iconic scores in film history.","`` The Good, The Bad and the Ugly ''"
name of guinea pig in secret life of pets,"Meanwhile, Midget recruits a red-tailed hawk named Tiberius to find Max, but he mistakenly locates Ozone, whom Midget coerces into telling what he knows about the dogs. They then enlist Mel, Buddy, Chloe, guinea pig Norman and Sweet Pea. On the way, they meet Pops, an old Basset Hound who helps Midget and the pets find Max. Meanwhile, Max and Duke raid a sausage factory for food. Then, Midget and her team encounter Snowball, who vows to kill them as well, and Norman is captured as the rest of Gidget's team flees.",Norman
who is the number 1 most listened to on spotify,"This list of most - streamed artists on Spotify contains the top 20 artists with the most monthly streams, as derived from Spotify charts in May 2018. Drake is currently the most streamed artist on Spotify with 49 million monthly listeners. He is also the most streamed artist of all time with over 10 billion combined streams.",Drake
when did the vw beetle body style change,"The Volkswagen New Beetle is a compact car, introduced by Volkswagen in 1997, drawing heavy inspiration from the exterior design of the original Beetle. Unlike the original Beetle, the New Beetle has its engine in the front, driving the front wheels, with luggage storage in the rear. Many special editions have been released, such as the Malibu Barbie New Beetle. In May 2010, Volkswagen announced that production of the current body of the New Beetle would cease in 2011.",1997
what is the equivalent of the cdc in canada,"The Public Health Agency of Canada (French : Agency de la Santa oblique Du Canada) is an agency of the Government of Canada that is responsible for public health, emergency preparedness, and response and infectious and chronic disease control and prevention. It was formed by Order in Council in 2004 and subsequently by legislation that came into force December 15, 2006,, and it is member of the Federal Health Portfolio (along with Health Canada, the Canadian Institute of Health Research, and other organizations) .",The Public Health Agency of Canada
where will the new year be celebrated first,"Samoa, Tonga and Kiribati (Christmas Island) , part of Kiribati, are the first places to welcome the New Year while American Samoa and Baker Island in the United States of America are among the last.","Samoa, Tonga, Kiribati (Christmas Island), Part of Kiribati"
who was the first person buried at arlington national cemetery,"The first soldier to be buried in Arlington was Private William Henry Christman of Pennsylvania on May 13, 1864. There are 396 Medals of Honor recipients buried in Arlington National Cemetery, nine of whom are Canadian.",Private William Henry Christman of Pennsylvania
who was in charge of the d day invasion,"Attendees at the Trident Conference in Washington in May 1943 took the decision to launch a cross-Channel invasion within the next year. Churchill favored making the main Allied thrust into Germany from the Mediterranean theater, but his American allies, who were providing the bulk of the men and equipment, over-ruled him. British Lieutenant - General Frederick E. Morgan was appointed Chief of Staff, Supreme Allied Commander (COSSACK) , to being detailed planning. The initial plans were constrained by the number of available landing - craft, most of which were already committed in the Mediterranean and in the Pacific. In part because of lessons learned in the Dipped Raid of 19 August 1942, the Allies decided not to directly assault a heavily defended French seaport in their first landing. The failure at Dipped also highlighted the need for adequate artillery and air support, particularly close air support, and specialized ships able to travel extremely close to shore. The short operating - range of British aircraft such as the Spitfire and Typhoon greatly limited the number of potential landing - sites, as comprehensive air - support depended upon having planes overhead for as long as possible. Morgan considered four sites for the landings : Brittany, the Corentin Peninsula, Normandy, and the Pas-de-Calais. As Brittany and Corentin are peninsulas, the Germans could have cut off the Allied advance at a relatively narrow isthmus, so these sites were rejected.",British Lieutenant - General Frederick E. Morgan
what time did the bomb go off in manchester,"On 22 May 2017 at 22 : 31 BST (UTC + 01 : 00) , a suicide bomber detonated an improvised explosive device, packed with nuts and bolts to act as shrapnel, in the foyer area of the Manchester Arena. The attack took place after an Ariana Grande concert that was part of her 2017 Dangerous Woman Tour. 14,200 people attended the concert. Many exiting concert - goers and waiting parents were in the foyer at the time of the explosion. According to evidence presented at the coroner's inquest, the detonation of the bomb killed people who were up to 20 meters (66 ft) away.",22 : 31 BST (UTC + 01 : 00)
last time yankees made it to the playoffs,"Following an 11 - year playoff drought, the club appeared in the playoffs five times in a six - year period and won back - to - back World Series championships in 1977 and 1978. The Yankees won the World Series again in 1996, and in 1998 began a run of three consecutive Series titles. From 1995 to 2007, the Yankees made the playoffs each year ; their 13 - season postseason streak was the second - longest in MLB history. After missing the playoffs in 2008, they won another World Series in 2009 and reached the postseason each year from 2010 to 2012. In the most recent MLB season, 2017, New York had a 91 -- 71 record and reached the American League Championship Series before losing to the Houston Astros. Overall, the Yankees' . 569 regular season winning percentage is the highest of any MLB team, and they have the eighth-most regular season wins, behind seven clubs founded in the 19th century.",2017
when did the u.s. create a lottery system for immigration,"The Immigration Act of 1990 was passed with bipartisan support and signed by President George H.W. Bush. The legislation established the current and permanent Diversity Visa (DV) program, where 55,000 immigrant visas (later reduced to 50,000) are available in an annual lottery. The lottery aims to diversify the immigrant population in the United States, by selecting applicants mostly from countries with low numbers of immigrants to the United States in the previous five years. Starting in fiscal year 1999,,000 of the visas from the DV program are reserved for use by the NCAA program, so the number of immigrant visas available in the lottery was reduced to 50,000.",1990
who plays gwen on as the world turns,"Jennifer Landon (born August 29, 1983, in Malibu, California) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Gwen Nor beck Manson on As the World Turns (2005 -- 2008, 2010) .",Jennifer Landon
who plays sam healy in orange is the new black,"Michael John Harvey (born March 27, 1956) is an American actor of film, television, and theater. He is best known for starring on the SAG Award-winning Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black as Corrections Officer Sam Healy.",Michael John Harvey
what was the name of the iraq war,"The Iraq War was a protracted armed conflict that began in 2003 with the invasion of Iraq by a United States - led coalition that overthrew the government of Saddam Hussein. The conflict continued for much of the next decade as an insurgency emerged to oppose the occupying forces and the post-invasion Iraqi government. An estimated 151,000 to 600,000 or more Iraqis were killed in the first -- years of conflict. The U.S. became re-involved in 2014 at the head of a new coalition ; the insurgency and many dimensions of the civil armed conflict continue. The invasion occurred as part of a declared war against international terrorism and its sponsors under the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush following the September 11 terrorist attacks.",The Iraq War
how many levels are there on tapped out,"Since the May 18, 2016, update, the maximum number of levels is currently 939, because this is the Simpsons' area code in Springfield.",939
who plays bays grandma on switched at birth,"Played by Ivonne Coll, Adriana Vasquez is the mother of Regina Vasquez, the grandmother of Daphne Vasquez, and the biological grandmother of Bay Kennith. She had no idea that Regina knew about the switched, but she was curious about why Daphne did not look like Regina. She had lived with Regina and Daphne for quite some time and is living with the two in the Knishes' guest house. She had taken a huge disliking to Regina's ex-husband Angelo and ends up reporting him to the police. Regina told Adriana that she married Angelo and Adriana was not happy about it, and moved out of the guest house after she found out, but she later moved back into the guest house after she and Regina patched things up.",Ivonne Coll
who was the president during cuban missle crisis,"After a long period of tense negotiations, an agreement was reached between U.S. President John F. Kennedy and Khrushchev. Publicly, the Soviets would dismantle their offensive weapons in Cuba and return them to the Soviet Union, subject to United Nations verification, in exchange for a U.S. public declaration and agreement to avoid invading Cuba again. Secretly, the United States also agreed that it would dismantle all U.S. - built Jupiter Arms, which had been deployed in Turkey against the Soviet Union ; there has been debate on whether Italy was included in the agreement as well.",John F. Kennedy
who established an efficient system to train nurses,"The Crimean War was a significant development in nursing history when English nurse Florence Nightingale laid the foundations of professional nursing with the principles summarized in the book Notes on Nursing. A fund was set up in 1855 by members of the public to raise money for Florence Nightingale and her nurses' work In 1856, £44,039 (equivalent to roughly over £ million today) was pooled and with this Nightingale decided to use the money to lay the foundations for a training school at St Thomas' Hospital. In 1860, the training for the first batch of nurses began ; upon graduation from the school, these nurses used to be called' Nightingales' .",Florence Nightingale
what's the weather like in seoul korea,"The climate of Seoul features a humid continental / subtropical climate with dry winter, called `` DA '' / `` CWA '' in the Köppen climate classification. Seoul is classed as having a temperate climate with four distinct seasons, but temperature differences between the hottest part of summer and the depths of winter are extreme. In summer the influence of the North Pacific high - pressure system brings hot, humid weather with temperatures soaring as high as 35 °C (95 °F) on occasion. In winter the city is topographically influenced by expanding Siberian High - pressure zones and prevailing west winds, temperatures dropping almost as low as - 20 °C (- °F) in severe cold waves. The bitterly cold days tend to come in three - day cycles regulated by rising and falling pressure systems, during winter snowfall can cause frosty weather in the city. The most pleasant seasons, for most people in the city are spring and autumn, when azure blue skies and comfortable temperatures are regular. Most of Seoul's precipitation falls in the summer monsoon period between June and September, as a part of East Asian monsoon season.","Humid continental / subtropical climate with dry winter, Temperate climate with four distinct seasons"
who played the little girl in wizards of waverly place,"Bailee Madison (born October 15, 1999) is an American actress. She is known for her role as May Belle Aaron's, the younger sister of Jess Aaron's in Bridge to Terabithia (2007) and Malice in Merry Christmas Drake & Josh. She is also known for playing Maxine, Alex and Justin's brother Max turned into a girl in Wizards of Waverley Place She is also known as the younger version of Snow White in the ABC fantasy drama Once Upon a Time and as Grace Russell on the Hallmark Channel series Good Witch. Other notable works of hers include the horror film Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, Maggie in Just Go with It and Harper Simmons in Parental Guidance.",Bailee Madison
where is the genetic material of bacterium found,"Bacterial conjugation is the transfer of genetic material between bacterial cells by direct cell - to - cell contact or by a bridge - like connection between two cells. It is a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer as are transformation and transduction, although these two other mechanisms do not involve cell - to - cell contact.",Bacterial cells
who is the actress that plays crazy eyes on orange is the new black,"Uzoamaka Wanna `` USO '' Aruba (/ Luzon əˈduːbə / ; born February 10, 1981) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Suzanne `` Crazy Eyes '' Warren on the Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black (2013 -- present) , for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014, an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2015, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015. She is one of only two actors to win an Emmy Award recognition in both the comedy and drama categories for the same role, the other being Ed Abner for the character Lou Grant.",Uzoamaka Wanna `` USO '' Aruba
what kind of wood does rudy's bbq use,"Rudy's was established by Rudolph AUE in Leon Springs, Texas (now a part of San Antonio, Texas) in 1929 as a combination business consisting of a filling station, automobile repair shop, and grocery store. In 1989 Rudolph added barbecue to the food menu, combining the grocery and new restaurant element to make a `` country store '' feel. Their signature barbecue consists of 100 % oak wood smoked meats rather than the usual Texas Mesquite smoke, and special in - house spices.",oak
who has the highest sales tax in the nation,"Since January 2017, states (Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon) do not levy a statewide sales tax, while California has the highest state sales tax with a base rate of .25 %. (the territory of Puerto Rico has a higher 10. % value added tax since April 2016) . In some states such as California, counties and cities impose additional sales taxes, and total sales taxes can be over 11 %.",Territory of Puerto Rico has a higher 10. % value added tax
soulja boy kiss me thru the phone phone number,"The telephone number, 678 - 999 - 8212, given in the song, if dialed from the United States, connects to a message system for the artist. An unsuspecting family in Old ham, Greater Manchester, found themselves inundated with calls from fans in the UK who dialed the number without using the international dialing code prefix for the United States.","678 - 999 - 8212, Given in the song"
when does the lion witch and the wardrobe take place,"In 1940, four siblings -- Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy, whose surname we will learn in a later book is Defense -- are among many children evacuated from London during World War II to escape the Blitz. They are sent to the countryside to live with an old professor, later to be named Di gory Kirk. Exploring the professor's house, Lucy finds a wardrobe which doubles as a magic portal to a forest in a land called Narnia. At a lamppost oddly located in the forest, she meets Tum nus, a faun, who invites her to tea in his home. There the faun confesses that he invited her not out of hospitality, but with the intention of betraying her to the White Witch. The witch has ruled Narnia for years, using magic to keep it frozen in a perpetual winter. She has ordered all Iranians to turn in any humans (`` Sons of Adam '' or `` Daughters of Eve '') they come across. But now that he has come to know and like a human, Tum nus repents his original intention and escorts Lucy back to the lamppost.",1940
who sang built this city on rock and roll,"`` We Built This City '' is a 1985 song written by Bernie Tau pin, Martin Page, Dennis Lambert, and Peter Wolf, and originally recorded by US rock group Starship and released as their debut single on their album Knee Deep in the Hoopla.",Starship
who played lorenzo bartolini in letters to juliet,"Franco Nero as Lorenzo Carolina, Claire's love interest. Nero is Redgrave's real life husband. Roger Ebert, having interviewed both Nero and Redgrave on the set of Camelot, noted how much of the love story between their characters is nearly autobiographical.",Franco Nero
when did the shah come to the us,"On 22 October 1979, President Jimmy Carter reluctantly allowed the Shah into the United States to undergo surgical treatment at the New York Hospital -- Cornell Medical Center. While there, Mohammad Reza used the name of `` David D. Newsom '', Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs at that time, as his temporary code name, without Newsom's knowledge. The Shah was taken later by US Air Force jet to Kelly Air Force Base in Texas and from there to Wilford Hall Medical Center at Lack land Air Force Base. It was anticipated that his stay in the United States would be short ; however, surgical complications ensued, which required six weeks of confinement in the hospital before he recovered. His prolonged stay in the United States was extremely unpopular with the revolutionary movement in Iran, which still resented the United States' overthrow of Prime Minister Mosaddegh and the years of support for the Shah's rule. The Iranian government demanded his return to Iran, but he stayed in the hospital. Mohammad Reza's time in New York was highly uncomfortable ; he was under a heavy security detail as every day, Iranian students studying in the United States gathered outside his hospital to shout `` Death to the Shah ! '', a chorus that Mohammad Reza heard. The former Shah was obsessed with watching news from Iran, and was greatly upset at the new order being imposed by the Islamic Republic. Mohammad Reza could no longer walk by this time, and for security reasons had to be moved in his wheelchair under the cover of darkness when he went to the hospital while covered in a blanket, as the chances of his assassination were too great.",22 October 1979
what is the 16 days of activism campaign,"16 Days of Activism Against Gender - Based Violence is an international campaign to challenge violence against women and girls. The campaign runs every year from 25 November, the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, to 10 December, Human Rights Day. It was initiated in 1991 by the first Women's Global Leadership Institute, held by the Center for Women's Global Leadership (CWGL) at Rutgers University.",International campaign to challenge violence against women and girls
who did stephen jackson win a ring with,"Stephen Jesse Jackson (born April 1978) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association with the Brooklyn Nets, Indiana Pacers, Golden State Warriors, Milwaukee Bucks, San Antonio Spurs, and Los Angeles Clippers (NBA) . Jackson won an NBA championship in 2003 as a member of the San Antonio Spurs.",San Antonio Spurs
who chooses the vice president if there is no majority,"The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President ; a quorum for the purpose shall consist of two - thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States.",The Senate
who played bernadette on the big bang theory,"Melissa Ivy Ranch (born June 23, 1980) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for playing Bernadette Rostenkowski - Horowitz on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.",Melissa Ivy Ranch
who sang the song give me some sunshine,"Suraj Japan (born May 11, 1967) is an Indian playback singer. He is noted for the song Give Me Some Sunshine from the award-winning movie Idiots. The song received the `` Best Emerging Male Performer '' award in the Max Stardust Award. Jagan's singing career began in 1990, and has included both solo work and as frontman for the rock band Dream Out Loud. He has also worked in advertising jingle campaigns, Bollywood playback singing, acting in theater productions and an acting role in the Bollywood film Rock On ! ! & `` Hunter ''.",Suraj Japan
when was delhi made the capital of british rule in india,"The foundation stone of the city was laid by George V, Emperor of India during the Delhi Dunbar of 1911. It was designed by British architects, Sir Edwin Lumens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931, by Viceroy and Governor - General of India Lord Irwin.",1931
what is the anatomical name for the elbow joint,"The elbow includes prominent landmarks such as the olecranal (the bony prominence at the very tip of the elbow) , the elbow pit, the lateral and medial epicondyles, and the elbow joint. The name for the elbow in Latin is cubits, and so the word cubical is used in some elbow - related terms, as in cubical nodes for example. The elbow is specific to humans and other primates. The elbow joint is the synovial hinge joint between the humerus in the upper arm and the radius and ulna in the forearm which allows the forearm and hand to be moved towards and away from the body. The superior radio ulnar joint shares the joint capsule with the elbow joint but plays no functional role at the elbow.",Synovial hinge joint
when did the north american colonies break away from great britain,"The Continental Army forced the British out of Boston in 1776, but the British captured and held New York City for the duration of the war. The British blockaded ports and captured other cities for brief periods, but they failed to defeat Washington's forces. The Patriots unsuccessfully attempted to invade Canada during the winter of 1775 -- 76, but they captured a British army at the Battle of Saratoga in late 1777, and the French entered the war as allies of the United States as a result. The war later turned to the American South where the British under the leadership of Charles Cornwallis captured an army at South Carolina but failed to enlist enough volunteers from Loyalist civilians to take effective control of the territory. A combined American -- French force captured a second British army at Yorktown in 1781, effectively ending the war in the United States. The Treaty of Paris in 1783 formally ended the conflict, confirming the new nation's complete separation from the British Empire. The United States took possession of nearly all the territory east of the Mississippi River and south of the Great Lakes, with the British retaining control of Canada and Spain taking Florida.",1783
what concept was the belief in devine right used to support,"The divine right of kings, divine right, or God's mandate is a political and religious doctrine of royal and political legitimacy. It asserts that a monarch is subject to no earthly authority, deriving the right to rule directly from the will of God. The king is thus not subject to the will of his people, the aristocracy, or any other estate of the realm. It implies that only God can judge an unjust king and that any attempt to depose, dethrone or restrict his powers runs contrary to the will of God and may constitute a sacrilegious act. It is often expressed in the phrase `` by the Grace of God '', attached to the titles of a reigning monarch.",A political and religious doctrine of royal and political legitimacy
when did dominican republic gain independence from haiti,"The Dominican Independence War gave the Dominican Republic autonomy from Haiti on February 27, 1844. Before the war, the island of Hispaniola had been united under the Haitian government for a period of 22 years when the newly independent nation, previously known as the Captaincy General of Santo Domingo, was unified with Haiti in 1822. The Criollo class within the country overthrew the Spanish crown in 1821 before unifying with Haiti a year later.","February 27, 1844"
who sang i've never been loved like this before,`` Never Knew Love Like This Before '' is a song written and produced by songwriters James Mfume and Reggie Lucas for American R&B recording artist Stephanie Mills' second studio album Sweet Sensation (1980) .,Stephanie Mills
why did harriet stowe write uncle tom's cabin,"Stowe, a Connecticut - born teacher at the Hartford Female Seminary and an active abolitionist, featured the character of Uncle Tom, a long-suffering black slave around whom the stories of other characters revolve. The sentimental novel depicts the reality of slavery while also asserting that Christian love can overcome something as destructive as enslavement of fellow human beings.",Depicts the reality of slavery while also asserting that Christian love can overcome something as destructive as enslavement of fellow human beings
damage to this part of the brain can result in reduced ability to comprehend and/or produce humor,"For the majority of the nineteenth century, the left brain hemisphere was the key focus of clinical research on language disorders (Brookshire, 2007) . In the twentieth century, focus gradually shifted to include right hemisphere damage (Brookshire, 2007) . It is now well established that language and cognition can be seriously impaired by unilateral right hemisphere brain damage. Specific cognitive tests can help diagnose the existence of right hemisphere brain damage and differentiate symptoms from those of left hemisphere damage. Unlike the aphasia, caused by left hemisphere damage and generally resulting in focused language deficits, right hemisphere brain damage can result in a variety of diffuse deficits which complicate formal testing of this disorder (Brookshire, 2007) . These formal tests assess areas such as understanding humor, metaphors, sarcasm, facial expression, and prosody. However, not all individuals with right hemisphere brain damage have problems in language or communication and some may have no discernible symptoms. Indeed, about half of patients with right hemisphere damage have intact communication abilities (Brookshire, 2007) .",Right hemisphere
when was the first movie of harry potter released,"Harry Potter is a British - American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J.K. Rowling. The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films, beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (2001) and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part (2011) . A spin - off prequel series will consist of five films, starting with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016) , marking the beginning of the Warding World shared media franchise.",2001
where was the famous i have a dream speech given,"`` I Have a Dream '' is a public speech delivered by American civil rights activist Martin Luther King Jr. during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom on August 28, 1963, in which he calls for an end to racism in the United States and called for civil and economic rights. Delivered to over 250,000 civil rights supporters from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., the speech was a defining moment of the civil rights movement.","From the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C."
where is the continental divide on i 70,"The Eisenhower Tunnel, officially the Eisenhower -- Edwin C. Johnson Memorial Tunnel, is a dual - bore, four - lane vehicular tunnel in the western United States, approximately sixty miles (97 km) west of Denver, Colorado. The tunnel carries Interstate 70 (I - 70) under the Continental Divide in the Rocky Mountains.",The Eisenhower Tunnel
what are the main areas of focus for quality management,"Quality management ensures that an organization, product or service is consistent. It has four main components : quality planning, quality assurance, quality control and quality improvement. Quality management is focused not only on product and service quality, but also on the means to achieve it. Quality management, therefore, uses quality assurance and control of processes as well as products to achieve more consistent quality.","Quality planning, Quality assurance, Quality control and quality improvement"
who sang lifes been good to me so far,"`` Life's Been Good '' is a 1978 song by Joe Walsh, which first appeared on the soundtrack to the film FM. The original eight - minute version was released on Walsh's album But Seriously, Folks ..., and an edited 41⁄ minute single version peaked at 12 on the US Billboard Hot 100, remaining his biggest solo hit.",Joe Walsh
when did mr game and watch come out,"In the Game & Watch games themselves, the playable characters vary in appearance, as they often sport eyes, teeth and clothes, all of which Mr. Game & Watch lacks. However, in the Super Smash Bros. series, his trophies list his first appearance as `` Game & Watch, 1980 ''.",1980
where does digestion of fat take place in human digestive system,"Digestion of some fats can begin in the mouth where lingual lipase breaks down some short chain lipids into triglycerides. However, fats are mainly digested in the small intestine. The presence of fat in the small intestine produces hormones that stimulate the release of pancreatic lipase from the pancreas and bile from the liver which helps in the emulsification of fats for absorption of fatty acids. Complete digestion of one molecule of fat (a triglyceride) results a mixture of fatty acids, mono - and DI - glycerides, as well as some undigested triglycerides, but no free glycerol molecules.","The mouth, The small intestine"
who writes the music for game of thrones,"The music for the fantasy TV series Game of Thrones is composed by Rain Hawaii. The music is primarily instrumental with the occasional vocal performances, and is created to support musically the characters and plots of the show. It features various theme, the most prominent is its Main Title that accompanies the series' title sequence. In every season, a soundtrack album would be released.",Rain Hawaii
aaj jane ki jid na karo movie name,"AAJ Jane I Did Na Karo (Urdu : آج جانے کی ضد نہ کرو ‎ ; please don't insist on leaving today) is a Nazi written by Pakistani poet Ayaz Hash mi. The tune was composed by So hail Reyna, an eminent composer from Pakistan. It was popularized by noted classical vocalists, Habit Walk Mohammad who also sang this song as a film playback singer in a Pakistani film Basal AUR Bill (1973) . Then the famous fatal singer Farina Khanum also used to sing it in her television performances and in her live public concerts. It is sung in RAAF Haman Kalyan.",Please don't insist on leaving today
when was berlin split into east and west,"The Soviet victors of the Battle of Berlin immediately occupied all of Berlin. They handed the American, British and French sectors (later known as West Berlin) to the American and British Forces in July 1945 : the French occupied their sector later. Berlin remained divided until reunification in 1990.",1945
where does the appalachian trail start in new york,"On October 1923, the first section of the trail, from Bear Mountain west through Harriman State Park to Arden, New York, was opened. Mac Kaye then called for a two - day Appalachian Trail conference to be held in March 1925 in Washington, D.C. This meeting inspired the formation of the Appalachian Trail Conference (now called the Appalachian Trail Conservancy) (ATC) .",Bear Mountain
where was the treaty of paris 1783 signed,"The Treaty of Paris, signed in Paris by representatives of King George III of Great Britain and representatives of the United States of America on September 1783, ended the American Revolutionary War. The treaty set the boundaries between the British Empire in North America and the United States, on lines `` exceedingly generous '' to the latter. Details included fishing rights and restoration of property and prisoners of war.",Paris
who wrote all i want for chrismas is you,"`` All I Want for Christmas Is You '' is a Christmas song performed by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. She wrote and produced the song alongside Walter Afanasieff. Columbia Records released it on November 1994, as the lead single from her fourth studio album and first holiday album, Merry Christmas (1994) . It is an uptempo love song that includes bell chimes, heavy back - up vocals, and synthesizers.","Mariah Carey, Walter Afanasieff"
who sang last night a dj saved my life,`` Last Night a D.J. Saved My Life '' is a song written by Michael Cleveland for American group Indeed. It features vocals from Receive `` Reggie '' Maglite and Rose Marie Ramsey.,"Receive `` Reggie '' Maglite, Rose Marie Ramsey"
who won big brother battle back season 18,"Instead of permanent eviction, the first five evicted HouseGuests received a chance to return to the game. The first two evicted faced off in a duel, with the winner advancing to face the next evicted HouseGuest, permanently eliminating the losers ; following four duels, the remaining evicted will re-enter the house. All four duels aired in a special episode on July 22 ; Joe defeated Glenn in the first competition, but Victor defeated Joe, Bronte and Tiffany in the subsequent competitions to return to the house.",Victor
when did mcdonald's start selling happy meals,"A Happy Meal was a form of kids' meal sold at the fast food restaurant chain McDonald's since June 1979. A small toy is included with the food, both of which are usually contained in a red box with a yellow smiley face and the McDonald's logo. The packaging and toy are frequently part of a marketing tie - in to an existing television show, film, or toy brand.",June 1979
girl with the pink hair on nick jr,"Stephanie (played by Julianna Rose Murillo / Chloe Lang) is the enthusiastic and sweet newcomer to town. She lives in a yellow house with her uncle, Mayor Mean swell. Recognizable by her all - pink attire, Stephanie is initially disappointed by her new friends' laziness and coaxes them to partake in healthier activities. Her attempts are often nearly thwarted by Robbie Rotten, but Stephanie is eternally optimistic and always manages to triumph over any challenges in the end.",Stephanie
who made the song ride the white horse,"`` White Horse '' is a 1983 song written by Tim Stahl and John Goldberg of the Danish duo Laid Back. The song was released as the B - side of their single `` Sunshine Reggae '' which became a major hit in several European countries. In the US, the A-side was mainly ignored, and it was the B - side that became most successful. It was released as a single and went on to spend three weeks at number one on the Dance Charts. The single also made the top five on the R&B singles chart and peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Hot 100. Although being played in European clubs, it failed to chart there when re-released as an A-side.",The Danish duo Laid Back
according to federalist 78 what part of the government is the weakest,"In Federalist No. 78, Hamilton said that the Judiciary branch of the proposed government would be the weakest of the three branches because it had `` no influence over either the sword or the purse, ... It may truly be said to have neither FORCE nor WILL, but merely judgment. '' Federalist No. 78 quotes Montesquieu : `` Of the three powers (...) , the judiciary is next to nothing. '' There was little concern that the judiciary might be able to overpower the political branches ; since Congress controlled the flow of money and the President the military, courts did not have nearly the same clout from a constitutional design standpoint. The Judiciary would depend on the political branches to uphold its judgments. Legal academics often argue over Hamilton's description of the judiciary as the `` least dangerous '' branch. Hamilton also explains how federal judges should retain life terms as long as those judges exhibit good behavior.",Judiciary branch
who did wilt chamberlain play for in the nba,"Wilton Norman Chamberlain (/ ˈtʃeɪmbərlɪn / ; August 21, 1936 -- October 12, 1999) was an American basketball player. He played for the Philadelphia / San Francisco Warriors, the Philadelphia 76ers, and the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) . He played for the University of Kansas and also for the Harlem Globetrotters before playing in the NBA. The foot inch, Chamberlain weighed 250 pounds as a rookie before bulking up to 275 and eventually to over 300 pounds with the Lakers and played the center position. He is widely considered one of the greatest and most dominant players in NBA history.","Philadelphia / San Francisco Warriors, Philadelphia 76ers, Los Angeles"
when was the iphone 6 released in canada,"The iPhone and Plus were moved to the midrange spot in Apple's iPhone lineup when the iPhone S and S Plus were released in September 2015. The iPhone and Plus were discontinued in most countries on September 2016 when Apple announced the iPhone and iPhone Plus. Their spot as the entry - level iPhone was replaced by the iPhone SE, which was released earlier on March 31, 2016. The iPhone was relaunched with 32 GB of storage in Asian markets in February 2017 as a midrange / budget iPhone. It was later expanded to Europe, before hitting the US markets in May 2017, and Canada in July 2017.",July 2017
who said mirror mirror on the wall who's the fairest of them all,"The Magic Mirror appeared in Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs voiced by Moroni Olsen. The Magic Mirror contained an imprisoned spirit who is referred to as the Slave in the Magic Mirror. In his first appearance in the film, the Evil Queen would consult with the Magic Mirror to ask who the fairest of one all was. The Magic Mirror always told the Evil Queen that she was the fairest one of all. When asked who the fairest of all is, the spirit replies that, while the Queen is beautiful, a fairer being exists. When the Queen angrily asks for the girl's name, the spirit describes her, making it obvious to the Queen that Snow White is the one being referred to. The Queen then orders her Huntsman to kill Snow White and bring her back her heart. When the Evil Queen asks the Magic Mirror who the fairest of them all was later that evening, the Magic Mirror told her that Snow White was the fairest of them all. Though the Queen at first believes the spirit to be incorrect and showed it the heart in question, she is told that she holds the heart of a pig and that Snow White still lives in the Cottage of the Seven Dwarfs.",The Evil Queen
when did r kelly first album come out,"Robert Sylvester Kelly (born January 1967) , known professionally as R. Kelly, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and former professional basketball player. A native of Chicago, Illinois, Kelly began performing during the late 1980s and debuted in 1992 with the group Public Announcement. In 1993, Kelly went solo with the album 12 Play. He is known for a collection of major hit singles including `` Bump N' Grind '', `` Your Body's Calling' '', `` I Believe I Can Fly '', `` Gotham City '', `` Ignition (Remix) '', `` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '', `` The World's Greatest '', `` I'm a Flirt (Remix) '', and the hip -h opera `` Trapped in the Closet ''. In 1998, Kelly won three Grammy Awards for `` I Believe I Can Fly ''. His distinctive sound and style has influenced numerous hip hop and contemporary R&B artists. Kelly became the first musician to play professional basketball, when he was signed in 1997.",1993
what is the length of the empire state building,"The Empire State Building is a 102 - story Art Deco skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Designed by Shrive, Lamb & Harmon and completed in 1931, the building has a roof height of, 250 feet (380 m) and stands a total of, 454 feet (443. m) tall, including its antenna. Its name is derived from `` Empire State '', the nickname of New York. As of 2017 the building is the TH - tallest completed skyscraper in the United States and the 28th - tallest in the world. It is also the TH - the tallest freestanding structure in the Americas.",", 454 feet (443. m)"
how old do you have to be to enlist in the army in korea,"By law, when a Korean man turns 18 years old, he is enlisted for `` first citizen service, '' meaning he is liable for military duty, but is not yet required to serve. When he turns 19 years old (or, in some instances, 20 years old) , he is required to undergo a physical exam to determine whether he is suitable for military service. The table below shows the physical exam's possible grades and their outcomes, according to the Military Service Act. Men must enlist by the time they turn 28 (Korean age) .",18
what are the two types of organ donors,"Organ donors may be living, brain-dead, or dead via circulatory death. Tissue may be recovered from donors who die of circulatory death, as well as of brain death -- up to 24 hours past the cessation of heartbeat. Unlike organs, most tissues (except corneas) can be preserved and stored for up to five years, meaning they can be `` banked ''. Transplantation raises a number of bioethical issues, including the definition of death, when and how consent should be given for an organ to be transplanted, and payment for organs for transplantation. Other ethical issues include transplantation tourism and more broadly the socio-economic context in which organ procurement or transplantation may occur. A particular problem is organ trafficking.","living, brain-dead"
who played tom buchanan in the great gatsby,"Joel Edgerton as Tom Buchanan, Upper class socialite who hates Gatsby because of his new money status and relationship with Daisy",Joel Edgerton
where is death in paradise tv show filmed,"Death in Paradise is a British - French crime comedy - drama television series created by Robert Thorogood, starring Ben Miller (series --) , Kris Marshall (series --) & Areal O'Hanlon (series -- present) . The program is a joint UK and French production filmed on the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe and broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom and France in France. Death in Paradise has enjoyed high ratings, leading to repeated renewals. A sixth series began broadcasting on January 2017 and aired its finale on 23 February, with the subsequent DVD release occurring three days later on 27 February 2017. The show will return in 2018 for a seventh series.",Guadeloupe
eaps were originally designed to help employees that had what type of problem,"An employee assistance program (EAP) is an employee benefit program that assists employees with personal problems and / or work - related problems that may impact their job performance, health, mental and emotional well-being. Maps generally offer free and confidential assessments, short - term counseling, referrals, and follow - up services for employees and their household members. EAP counselors also work in a consultative role with managers and supervisors to address employee and organizational challenges and needs. Many corporations, academic institution and / or government agencies are active in helping organizations prevent and cope with workplace violence, trauma, and other emergency response situations. There is a variety of support programs offered for employees. Even though Maps are mainly aimed at work - related problems, there are a variety of programs that can assist with problems outside the workplace. Maps have grown over the years, and are more desirable economically and socially.",Personal problems and / or work - related problems
real name of madam in may i come in madam,"NEA Pendle as Boss of Satan Agarwal / Santana Hitesh, Madam / M. D (Managing Director) of Use Me Advertising",Santana Hitesh
when is the opening ceremonies for the olympics 2018,"The opening ceremony of the 2018 Winter Olympics was held at the Pyongyang Olympic Stadium in Pyongyang, South Korea on February 2018. It began at 20 : 00 KST and finished at approximately 22 : 20 ST. The Games were officially opened by President of the Republic of Korea Moon Joe - in.","On February 2018, Began at 20 : 00 KST and finished at approximately 22 : 20 ST"
who played gilbert blythe anne with an e,Lucas Jade Human as Gilbert Blythe,Lucas Jade Human
where does barney work in how i met your mother,"In his blog, he writes that he is the Director of WHO DID THIS. The company he works for, Altricial, advertises itself as the world's the largest producer of the felt covers of tennis balls ; however, Future Ted implies that the company's main profits come from other, less innocent sources, such as logging, oil drilling, small arms, tobacco farming and missile construction. Barney states in `` Cupcake '' that, as a lawyer for Altricial, Marshall would make more money in three months than he and Lily make in a year because his company has so many lawsuits against it. In the season episode `` The Bracket, '' he says that he is good enough at lying to avoid perjury charges. As of Season, his company is involved in a hostile takeover of Goliath National Bank (GNB) and consequently shifts him to the management team of the bank, but he remains a powerful executive and continues to use the same office he has had since it was first shown in Season. Despite this, he has suggested there is the possibility he will one day wash up on shore with no teeth or fingerprints and supposedly has come under attack by ninjas in the past during work. In Season, during the episode `` Happily Ever After '', Barney states to a woman that he is an `` Attorney in Law '', though this was probably just part of a pick - up line as he immediately followed it with `` Let's talk about getting you off ''. His video resume was published in Season episode `` The Possible ''. In a season episode, it was implied that the full extent of Barney's career might never be revealed.",Altricial
who has played the most games in the premier league,"The first player to reach the milestone was midfielder Gary Speed, in representation of Leeds United, Everton, Newcastle United and Bolton Wanderers ; his 500th match was Bolton's -- win over West Ham United on December 2006. Speed held the record for most appearances until 14 February 2009, when goalkeeper David James played his 536th match, for Portsmouth against his former team Manchester City. James ended with 572 appearances, a record which was broken by Ryan Riggs on 14 May 2011, having played all of his matches for Manchester United. On 25 September 2017, Gareth Barry broke Riggs' record by playing his 633rd match, West Bromwich Albion's -- loss at Arsenal.",Gareth Barry
where is the green bay packers stadium located,"Lambeau Field is an outdoor athletic stadium in the north central United States, located in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The home field of the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL) , it opened in 1957 as City Stadium, replacing the original City Stadium at East High School as the Packers' home field. Informally known as New City Stadium for its first eight seasons, it was renamed in August 1965 in memory of Packers founder, player, and long - time head coach, Curly Lam beau, who had died two months earlier.","Green Bay, Wisconsin"
how high is the eiffel tower in meters,"The tower is 324 meters (,063 ft) tall, about the same height as an 81 - story building, and the tallest structure in Paris. Its base is square, measuring 125 meters (410 ft) on each side. During its construction, the Eiffel Tower surpassed the Washington Monument to become the tallest man - made structure in the world, a title it held for 41 years until the Chrysler Building in New York City was finished in 1930. Due to the addition of a broadcasting aerial at the top of the tower in 1957, it is now taller than the Chrysler Building by. Metres (17 ft) . Excluding transmitters, the Eiffel Tower is the second-tallest structure in France after the Millay Viaduct.",324
who dies in grey's anatomy 2012 plane crash,"`` Flight '' is the twenty-fourth and final episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's 172nd episode overall. It was written by series creator Honda Rhymes, and directed by Rob Corn. The episode was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States on May 17, 2012. In the episode, six doctors from Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital who are victims of an aviation accident fight to stay alive, but Dr. Lexie Grey (Choler Leigh) ultimately dies. Other storylines occur in Seattle where Dr. Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr. ) plans his annual dinner for the departing residents, Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin Kidd) fires Dr. Teddy Altman (Kim Raver) , and Dr. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson) gets engaged.",Dr. Lexie Grey (Choler Leigh)
what drug did tony soprano take in vegas,"A.J. continues to spend time with Jason Paris and Jason Gervais at their frat house. They are amused to learn that Victor, whom they injured with sulfuric acid, had to have two toes amputated. A.J. impresses his therapist by telling him he is taking college courses again. After Jason and his friends assault a Somali student while A.J. stands by, he relapses into depression. Tony eavesdrops on Jane, Carmela and Kelli discussing Chris' death. On a private trip to Las Vegas, he receives another call from Phil, who refuses to assist with the asbestos removal and mocks him over Chris' death. Tony meets Sonya, a stripper Chris knew, and tells her about his death. They have sex and smoke marijuana ; she tells him he seems sad. They take peyote and win in roulette. Tony mumbles `` he's dead '' and collapses on the floor laughing, seemingly attributing his winning streak to the fact Chris is no longer in his life. In Jersey, the asbestos is dumped into a lake. Tony and Sonya watch the sunrise over the Red Rock Canyon, where Tony cries : `` I get it ! ''","marijuana, peyote"
the reason that the united states government passed antitrust legislation was,"United States antitrust law is a collection of federal and state government laws that regulates the conduct and organization of business corporations, generally to promote fair competition for the benefit of consumers. (The concept is called competition law in other English - speaking countries. ) The main statutes are the Sherman Act of 1890, the Clayton Act of 1914 and the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914. These Acts, first, restrict the formation of cartels and prohibit other collusive practices regarded as being in restraint of trade. Second, they restrict the mergers and acquisitions of organizations that could substantially lessen competition. Third, they prohibit the creation of a monopoly and the abuse of monopoly power.",Promote fair competition
who was the first president to get assasinated,"John F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States, was assassinated on Friday, November 22, 1963, at 12 : 30 p.m. in Dallas, Texas while riding in a presidential motorcade in Dealer Plaza. Kennedy was riding with his wife Jacqueline, Texas Governor John Connally, and Connally's wife, Nellie, and was fatally shot by former U.S. Marine Lee Harvey Oswald. A ten - month investigation by the Warren Commission from November 1963 to September 1964 concluded that Oswald acted alone in shooting Kennedy and that Jack Ruby also acted alone when he killed Oswald before he could stand trial. Kennedy's death marked the fourth (following those of Lincoln, Garfield, and McKinley) and most recent assassination of an American President. Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson automatically became President upon Kennedy's death.",Lincoln
players to average triple double in a season,"A triple - double is the accumulation of a double-digit number total in three of the five categories in a game. The most common way to achieve a triple - double is through points, rebounds, and assists. Oscar Robertson leads the all - time NBA list with 181 career triple - doubles and is, with Russell Westbrook, one of only two players ever to average a triple - double for a season. Westbrook currently holds the record for most triple - doubles in a season with 42 and is the only person to average a triple - double for two consecutive seasons.","Oscar Robertson, Russell Westbrook"
